## Oatmeal Fiber One Berry Breakfast Bars

[00599fe652](http://www.food.com/recipe/oatmeal-fiber-one-berry-breakfast-bars-387628)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 13 cup of sugars, brown

 - 12 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/2 cup of oats

 - 2 tablespoon of orange juice, raw

 - 1 cup of cereals, oats, regular and quick, unenriched, cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving), without salt

 - 14 cup of sugars, brown

 - 2 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 3 1/2 cup of blackberries, raw

 - 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, raw

### Instructions

Heat the oven to 375. Grease a 9- by 13-inch pan. Add the flour, light brown sugar, and salt to the bowl of a food processor. Pulse once or twice to combine, then add the butter and pulse five or six more times until coarse crumbs form. Add the oats, Fiber One and pulse two or three more times. If you don't have a food processor, use a blender to pulverize the Fiber One and then hand mix the ingredients mentioned above. Remove 1 1/2 cups of the mixture and set it aside. Add the juice to the remaining mixture and pulse three or four times until it's just moistened. Press this mixture firmly and evenly into the bottom of the pan using your fingers or the bottom of a measuring cup. For the filling, whisk together the sugar, flour, and salt in a medium-size bowl. Add the fruit and lemon juice and gently toss the mixture using a rubber spatula until the fruit is coated. Distribute the filling over the crust. Sprinkle the reserved crumb mixture over the filling. Bake the dish until the top is golden, about 35 to 40 minutes. Let the pan cool on a wire rack for about 2 hours, then cut the sheet into 12 bars. Store them in the refrigerator in an airtight container.