## Buttermilk Chocolate Biscuits

[0061233de5](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breakfastbrunch/buttermilk-chocolate-biscuits/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 6 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 3/4 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 2 tablespoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

For Biscuits: 1.) Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. 2.) Combine dry ingredients in a bowl. 3.) Cut cold butter into chunks and then cut into the flour until it resembles a course meal. 4.) Add buttermilk until it is JUST combined (dont overmix). 5.) If it appears too dry, then add a tad more buttermilk. 6.) Turn dough onto a floured surface. 7.) Very gently pat (do not roll) until desired thickness (I like 1/2-1 inch thick biscuits). 8.) Using a round cutter, cut into biscuits. 9.) Place on a cookie sheet, brush with melted butter if desired. 10.) Bake for 10-12 minutes until lightly golden brown on top. For Chocolate Gravy: 1.) Place all ingredients in a saucepan. 2.) Cook on medium-low heat until butter is melted. 3.) Simmer for just a little bit longer. 4.) Pour over warm biscuits and go to Heaven.