## Cream of Fresh Cauliflower Soup

[007e544c80](http://www.food.com/recipe/cream-of-fresh-cauliflower-soup-214890)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 12 cup of onions, raw

 - 2 cup of cauliflower, raw

 - 34 teaspoon of spices, curry powder

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 2 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

### Instructions

In a saucepan, combine the chicken broth, chopped onion, cauliflower and curry powder. Bring mixture to boiling. Reduce heat; cover and simmer for 10 minutes or until vegetable is tender. Place half of the vegetable mixture in a blender or food processor. Cover and blend 30 to 60 seconds or till smooth. Take care when blending hot liquids. Pour into bowl. Repeat with remaining vegetable mixture; set all aside. In the same saucepan, melt the butter or margarine. Whisk in flour, salt and pepper. Add the milk all at once, whisking till smooth. Cook and stir till mixture is thickened and bubbly. Stir in the blended vegetable mixture. Cook and stir till soup is heated through. Season with additional salt and pepper to taste. Using the same directions, you can use the following vegetable combinations for different soups: 1 1/2 cups chopped celery, 2 tablespoons snipped parsley, 1/2 teaspoon dried basil - cook for 15 minutes or till done; 1 cup sliced mushrooms and 1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg - cook for 5 minutes or till done; 2 1/2 cups chopped onions, 1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce and 1 minced garlic clove - cook for 5 minutes or till done; 1 1/2 cups peas, 1/4 cup shredded lettuce, 2 tablespoons diced cooked ham and 1/4 teaspoon crushed, dried sage - cook 8 minutes or till done; 1 cup sliced potatoes and 1/2 teaspoon dried dillweed - cook 10 minutes or till done; 2 cups chopped spinich, 1/8 teaspoon dried, crushed thyme and a dash of ground mutmeg - cook 3 minutes or till done; 4 medium tomatoes, peeled, quartered and seeded and 1/4 teaspoon dried basil - cook for 15 minutes or till done; 1 1/2 cups cut unpeeled zucchini and several dashes of ground nutmeg - cook for 5 minutes or till done.