## Cinnamon Raisin Biscuits

[0084139695](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/cinnamon-raisin-biscuits-2/)

### Ingredients

 - 3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 cup of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 23 cup of raisins, seeded

 - 1 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

 - 2 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 4 tablespoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 teaspoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. Cut in vegetable shortening using a pastry blender or a fork until mixture is crumbly. Stir in raisins and buttermilk, stirring until dry ingredients are moistened. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead 3 or 4 times. Roll dough to about 3/4 inch thickness and cut with a 3-inch biscuit cutter or a mini biscuit cutter. Place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Make sure not to twist the biscuits as you cut them. Just push down and then lift the biscuit up. Bake for about 12 minutes for 3-inch biscuits and for about 6-8 minutes for mini biscuits. Now for the glaze. Combine powdered sugar, milk, vegetable oil and cinnamon in a small bowl. Stir until completely mixed. Drizzle over hot biscuits or dip the tops of the biscuits in the glaze. I like to double dip mine for a nice thick glaze on top! Cooks notes: I found that these were tastiest when served warm. The glaze does harden up to a nice finish when it cools. Just pop these in the microwave for about 5 seconds to warm them up and serve! Original recipe modified from Taste of South magazine, Winter 2006.