## Peanut Butter & Jelly Filled Spiders

[0129d10966](http://www.food.com/recipe/peanut-butter-jelly-filled-spiders-248947)

### Ingredients

 - 3 tablespoon of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 3 tablespoon of jams and preserves, apricot

 - 1 pound of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

### Instructions

Prepare two baking sheets with cooking spray; set aside. In a small bowl, combine peanut butter and jam; set aside. Divide dough into sixteen equal pieces. It takes two pieces of dough to make one spider. To make spider, take one piece of dough, on a lightly floured surface, divide this piece into four equal pieces for spider's legs. Roll each of these pieces into thin ropes, each being eight inches long. Lay each of these ropes, parallel and equal in length to each other, half inch apart onto prepared baking sheet. For the spider's body, divide a second piece of dough, one twice as large as the other. On a floured surface, pat larger piece of dough with the palm of your hand to flatten. Place two teaspoons peanut butter and jam mixture onto center of circle. Bring ends of dough up together and seal seams. Gently roll this piece of dough into a ball; set aside. Roll smaller piece of dough in a round ball (this will be the spider's head). Place peanut butter filled body and head centered on top of the four ropes of dough. Finish with remaining pieces of dough to make eight spiders. Each spider should have eight legs. Let rise until doubled in size, one hour. Bake in a 375 degree oven for ten minutes, or until golden brown.