## No-Fail Piecrust

[01749f77d7](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/no-fail-piecrust-379372)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat germ, crude

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 cup of butter, without salt

 - 5 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

In a food processor, pulse the flour and salt 5 or 6 times to fluff up the flour with air. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Do not overmix. Add the ice water and process by pulsing until the mixture just starts to stick together (if processed too much, the dough wont be flaky). Divide the dough in half and flatten slightly into 2 disks. Flour the dough a little and place each disk between 2 pieces of waxed paper. Wrap well with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour or more, until ready to use. Place 1 disk on a lightly floured surface. Roll the dough into a circle about 2 inches larger than the pie pan. This dough is easy to roll out thinly. To prevent cracks or tears, lift the dough by rolling it back onto the rolling pin, then roll it over your dish. Gently press the dough into the bottom of the pie pan. Fill the pie with the filling of your choice. Roll the second crust and place over the filling. Press the edges together and flute by pinching the dough together with 2 fingers. Cover the edges of the crust with strips of aluminum foil to prevent the crust from getting too brown. Remove the foil during the last 5 to 10 minutes of baking. For a prebaked bottom crust, preheat the oven to 350F. Prick the bottom and sides of the crust with a fork. Bake for about 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. Cool before filling.