## Basic Polenta Recipe

[018beb6040](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/basic-polenta-79722)

### Ingredients

 - 9 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 3 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

### Instructions

Bring water to a boil in a large heavy pot. Add in salt and reduce heat till water is simmering. Take cornmeal by the handful and add in to water very slowly, controlling the flow to a thin stream through your fingers. To avoid lumps, stir quickly with a long handled wooden spoon while adding cornmeal. If necessary, stop adding cornmeal from time to time and beat mix vigorously. Cook, stirring constantly, 20 to 30 min. Polenta will become very thick while cooking. It is done when it comes away cleanly from the sides of the pot. Pour polenta into a large wooden board or possibly a large platter. Wet your hands and smooth out polenta proportionately, about 2 inches thick. Let cold 5 - 10 min or possibly till polenta solidifies. Cut cooled polenta into slices 1 inch wide and 6 inches long. Place slices in individual dishes. Serve warm, covered with your favorite sauce. Makes 6 to 8 servings. Variation: Fried Polenta (Polenta Fritta): Prepare polenta and let cold completely. Cut cooled polenta into slices 2 inches wide an d 6 inches long. Pour oil about 1 inch deep in a large skillet. Heat oil till a 1-inch cube of bread turns golden brown almost immediately. Fry polenta slices on both sides till light golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Serve warm. It is importent to insure the oil is warm sufficient, otherwise the polenta will absorb oil and your polenta will be greasy and unpalatable.