## Brown Butter Fruity Pebble Rice Krispy Treats

[01b3a8ee04](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/brown-butter-fruity-pebble-rice-krispy-treats/)

### Ingredients

 - 4 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 5 cup of candies, marshmallows

 - 4 cup of cereals, oats, regular and quick, unenriched, cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving), without salt

 - 2 cup of cereals, oats, regular and quick, unenriched, cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving), without salt

 - 23 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

### Instructions

Prepare a 13x9 baking dish by spraying it with non-stick cooking spray or baking spray. Set it aside. Add butter to a saucepan and heat at medium. Continually stir with a wooden spoon and remove from heat when butter particles start to brown, about 5-8 minutes. Be careful and dont let it burn. Add the marshmallows to the browned butter and consistently stir until melted all the way. In a large mixing bowl, mix up the Rice Krispies cereal with 2/3 of the marshmallow mixture and pour it into the baking dish. Flatten it out using a piece wax paper or a spatula sprayed with non-stick cooking spray. Put the Fruity Pebbles into a medium-sized bowl. Reheat the marshmallow mixture if necessary (just put it in the microwave for a few seconds until softened)and mix it up with the Fruity Pebbles. Add the Fruity Pebbles to the top of the Rice Krispies and flatten the same way. Melt white chocolate in the microwave in 15 second increments. When mostly melted, add oil and mix well. Transfer white chocolate to a decorator bag and snip the end, drizzle it over the Rice Krispy treats and serve.