## Maple-Cinnamon Almond Butter

[0384583142](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/special-dietary-needs/maple-cinnamon-almond-butter-2/)

### Ingredients

 - 3 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1 teaspoon of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

Cooking time includes processing time. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or a Silpat, if desired. Scatter almonds evenly across baking sheet. Roast for 7 minutes; stir to redistribute almonds. Continue to roast an additional 57 minutes until the almonds are lightly toasted. Remove almonds from oven and allow to cool on pan for about 5 minutes. While almonds are still warm, place in bowl of food processor. Remove plunger or food pusher from small central tube in lid. This will allow steam and moisture to escape during processing. Process for 12 minutes until almonds are broken down and take on a mealy appearance. Stop food processor, remove lid and scrape down sides of processing bowl. Snap processor lid in place and continue processing almonds until smooth and loosely creamy. This may take up to 15 minutes (or longer in some machines). Stop food processor as necessary to scrape down sides of processing bowl. During processing, almonds will go through several stages, including a point where most of almond butter will come together into a ball. Please note: The food processor may become unstable during this stage and walk across countertop. Simply hold it in place with your hands. The ball stage precedes the smoothing out stage where almonds become a smooth almond butter. When almond butter has reached desired consistency (see notes), stop food processor. Add remaining ingredients and process for 30 seconds ro 1 minute until well combined. Store, covered, in a glass jar in a cool, dry place for up to 1 month or in the refrigerator for up to 3 months. Notes: 1. Be attentive when roasting almonds. They can easily burn in the later stage of roasting. Be sure to check them at the 12-minute mark; they may be ready at that time or it could take up to 15 minutes. 2. When processing, after the ball stage, almond butter will smooth out. Initially it will be thick. Continued processing will cause almond butter to thin out until it becomes the consistency of honey. The processing can be stopped at any point after the ball stage, depending on personal texture preferences.