## Icelandic Skyr

[0421828c61](http://www.food.com/recipe/icelandic-skyr-98515)

### Ingredients

 - 12 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 21 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

### Instructions

Pour the powdered milk into a large clean bowl. Allow the boiled water to cool until just warm. It must not be too hot or it will kill the living culture in the buttermilk! Pour the water over the milk powder, allowing room for the buttermilk. Stir thoroughly so that it is completely dissolved. Add the buttermilk, stir well and cover. Place in the oven, undisturbed. Do not turn on the oven, simply turn on the oven light. This will be enough heat to allow the culture to work. Allow this to work overnight. In the morning check your skyr for firmness and flavor. If it is not set and separated or sour enough, leave it to work longer. Every oven is different. Once you are happy with the degree of sourness, the skyr has to be drained. Gently cut the curd into squares of sections. Do not break it up too much. Line a colander with cheesecloth or a clean new J-cloth (I personally just use a bit of leftover muslin from my sewing stash). Set this in the sink or a larger container to catch the whey. Scoop the curds and whey gently into the lined colander. It will drain better if it is not stirred or broken up too much. It will take about one day to drain to the proper consistency. Then it can be beaten with a mixer until smooth. Store covered in the refrigerator. Stir in sugar and cream, or your favorite flavorings, as desired when ready to serve.