## Grandma's Apple Pie

[06c60ba5d7](http://www.food.com/recipe/grandmas-apple-pie-14166)

### Ingredients

 - 34 cup of butter, without salt

 - 34 cup of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 pound of apples, raw, with skin

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 5-6 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of lemon juice, raw

### Instructions

In a medium bowl, beat the butter or margarine and cream cheese together until smooth. Work in the flour to make a soft dough. Divide the dough into two balls, wrap them, and chill them in the fridge for a minimum of 1 hour. Mix the sliced apples with the cinnamon, sugar, and lemon juice, reserving a little sugar and cinnamon. Mix well. On a lightly floured surface, roll out one ball of pastry and use it to line a deep 10-inch pie dish. Bake the pastry blind (see note on baking blind). When the pie shell has cooled, fill it with the apples, piling them higher in the center. Roll out the other pastry ball thinly and gently lay it on top. Press the edges together, trim off any excess pastry, then mark the edges with a fork and prick the top of the pie several times. Mix the reserved cinnamon and sugar together, and sprinkle the mixture on top of the pie. Bake at 375 F for 35-40 minutes, until the topping is golden brown and the apples have cooked. Note: Baking Blind: Baking blind, which partially cooks the pie shell, will ensure that it stays crisp under a liquid filling. Cover the pastry, including the rim, with aluminum foil to prevent it from rising. Weigh it down with baking beans (dried lima or butter beans are perfect). Bake it in a preheated oven at 400 F for 10-12 minutes (slightly less time if you are making small individual pie shells). Remove the foil and bake for a further 5 minutes or until the pie shell starts to color.