## Mutligrain Straun

[071413a8bf](http://www.food.com/recipe/mutligrain-straun-398840)

### Ingredients

 - 7 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/3 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 34 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

 - 1 3/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 14 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 34 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 7 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 3 tablespoon of honey

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

### Instructions

DAY ONE. Soaker: Mix the first 4 ingredients (7 tablespoons of whole wheat flour, cooked and uncooked grains, salt and buttermilk) to make a thick porridge-like dough. Cover and leave at room temperature for 12 to 24 hours. Biga: Mix the next 3 ingredients (1 /4 cup whole wheat flour, 1/4 teaspoon instant yeast, 3/4 cup water) to form a ball of dough. Knead for a few minutes until all the flour has been incorporated. Let the dough rest for 5 minutes, then knead again for 1 minute. Place the dough in a bowl, cover, and refrigerate overnight. DAY TWO. Remove the biga from the refrigerator an hour or two before preparing the final dough. Cut or rip the biga into smaller pieces and mix it with the soaker. Add the remaining ingredients (7 tablespoons whole wheat flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 1/4 teaspoon instant yeast, 3 tablespoons honey or sugar, 1 tablespoon melter butter or oil) WITH THE EXCEPTION of the last 1 cup of whole wheat flour - this will be used later. Mix well. Knead by hand or machine for about 5 minutes until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Add additional flour or water to achieve the proper consistency (a slightly sticky dough that'll hold its shape). If you use pre-cooked grains, you will need to add as much as 1 cup of extra flour because the grains will not absorb a great deal of the moisture. Place the dough in a greased bowl and allow to rise for about 45 minutes to an hour or until it is 1 1/2 times its original size. Shape the dough and place in greased pans for the final rise. If you want oats or seeds on top of the loaf, spritz the loaf with water and sprinkle seeds before the final rise. While the loaves are rising, pre-heat the oven to 425F. To bake the loaf, place it in the preheated oven. Reduce the temperature after 5 minutes to 350F and bake for 20 minutes. Turn the loaf 180 degrees and bake another 20 to 30 minutes until the loaf is deep brown, makes a hollow sound when tapped on, and when the internal temperature is approximately 195F degrees. Remove the bread from the oven and allow to cool for at least one hour.