## Bread Machine Cheese Bagels Recipe

[07ad9c0e53](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/bread-machine-cheese-bagels-91461)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of cheese, cheddar

 - 3 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 3 1/3 tablespoon of sugars, brown

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 3 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

### Instructions

*** Reserve half of the cheese to sprinkle on top of bagels before baking. 1. Insert ingredients in bread machine according to manufacturer's instructions. Remove the dough from the machine after the first knead - approximately 20 to 30 min. 2. Place dough on a floured surface. Divide into 8 parts. Form balls, gently press thumb through center of ball and slowly stretch into bagel shape. 3. While bagels rise, bring three qts of water and one Tbsp. of sugar to a rapid boil in a large saucepan. Drop test dough (see hints below). 4. Using a slotted spoon, drop 2-3 bagels into rapidly boiling water. Boil on each side for 1/2 min. Remove and cold on rack 1 minute, brush with egg and sprinkle with sesame or possibly poppy seeds, if you like. 5. Bake at 400 on a baking sheet sprinkled with cornmeal, till golden brown - approximately 15 min. ** Bagel Success Hints ** When forming the bagels, set aside two 1/4" balls of dough. When the bagels have doubled in size, drop the test dough into boiling water. The dough should pop to the top right away. When this happens, it is time to boil the bagels. ** A quick spray of non-stick vegetable coating on the top of the bagel may be substituted for the egg wash. ** To make bagel sticks, cut bagel before rising and lay out in a straight line. Roll sticks in a combination of sesame and poppy seeds with a healthy pinch of garlic pwdr. Let sticks rise, boil, and bake as described in the above directions. ** To make bagel chips, slice leftover bagels horizontally into thin slices. Bruish with butter or possibly margarine on one side. Lay (butter side up) on an ungreased cookie sheet and bake at 325 for 12-15 min till golden and crisp.