## Wicked Peach Cobbler

[08aa743115](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/emeril-lagasse/wicked-peach-cobbler-recipe.html)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1/3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 3 pound of peaches, yellow, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of cornstarch

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of lemon juice, raw

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 4 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

For the Pie crust: Sift the flour and salt into a bowl. Add the shortening and cut it in with a fork or pastry cutter until it resembles coarse crumbs with a few pea-sized bits. Stirring with a fork, gradually add enough of the water until the mixture clumps together. Gather up the dough and press into a flat disc, wrap in waxed paper and refrigerate for 1 hour. For the Peach Cobbler: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out the dough to a large square that is 1/8-inch thick. Using a 3-inch round cookie cutter, cut out 6 circles. Using a 2-inch cookie cutter, cut out 6 circles and keep cold. Butter 6 (4-ounce) ramekins. Place the smaller rounds of dough into the ramekins and press down into the bottom and sides. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet and place in the oven. Bake for 10 minutes or until light golden brown. Remove from the oven and cool completely. In a medium bowl, toss the peaches, cornstarch, sugar, lemon juice and cinnamon. Fold in the butter. Divide the peach mixture between the 6 ramekins. Cover the peach mixture with the larger rounds of dough, letting the dough come down the sides of the ramekins. Pinch the dough firmly onto the top edge of the dish. Cut a few slits in the top of the dough. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet and place back in the oven and bake until golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the cobbler from the oven and sprinkle with cinnamon.