## Guy's Righteous Ribs

[0a2e7506e8](http://www.food.com/recipe/guys-righteous-ribs-496391)

### Ingredients

 - 12 pound of pork, fresh, loin, tenderloin, separable lean only, raw

 - 1 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 4 teaspoon of spices, chili powder

 - 4 teaspoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 4 teaspoon of spices, onion powder

 - 4 teaspoon of spices, paprika

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, cumin seed

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, pepper, red or cayenne

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, cloves, ground

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Begin by trimming the ribs of any excess fat or sinew. Remove the thin membrane from the back of the ribs and discard. Make the rub by combining the brown sugar, salt, chili powder,garlic and onion powder,paprika, cumin, white and cayenne pepper and cloves in a mixing bowl. Set out large sheets of foil9one set for each slab). Place one rack on each sheet and divide the dry rub between each slab. Rub the mixture into the ribs on both sides, and then fold the foil over to form a sealed pouch around each rack. At this stage make sure each rack is meat-side down. Place each pouch on a roasting tray and bake in the oven for 2 hours. After 2 hours, open up the foil and peel back so the ribs are exposed. Carefully turn the meat over so the meat side is on top. Brush the top and bottom of the racks with a generous amount of Root Beer BBQ sauce or whatever sauce you wish. Cook racks for 1 1/2 more hours with the foil open. When done, the ribs will be tender and the meat will have shrunk back from the bones. Remove from oven, cut into portions, serve with extra BBQ sauce.