## Baguette

[0aea7301a0](http://www.food.com/recipe/baguette-509422)

### Ingredients

 - 454 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 11 fl. oz of water, bottled, generic

 - 5 g of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 10 g of salt, table

### Instructions

In a stand mixer, add all ingredients together and mix on lowest speed for 3 minutes with a dough hook. Increase speed to medium and continue to mix for 4 minutes. Place dough in a bowl (floured to prevent the dough from sticking) covered with plastic wrap and allow to proof (preferably in a warmer area) for 30 minutes. Remove the dough from the bowl and place on a floured surface. Form a rectangular shape with the dough and then fold it once, turn it 90 degrees, fold it again, turn it 90 degrees again, and fold it a third time. Place it back in the floured bowl and cover for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 485 degrees and place a pan of water on the lower rack. Remove the dough from the bowl and repeat the instructions from the previous step. Return the dough to the bowl and allow it to rest for 15 minutes. Place the dough on a floured surface and split it in two pieces (about 400 g each). Roll the dough into the shape of a baguette and place on a sheet pan. With a knife, make one full length slit or several diagonal slits across the top of the dough to allow steam to escape. Place the two loaves in the oven and bake for 15 minutes. Remove the pan of water from the oven and let the bread continue to cook for another 15 minutes to allow the crust to brown. Remove the bread from the oven, slice, and enjoy.