## Cranberry Focaccia

[0c028e0258](http://www.food.com/recipe/cranberry-focaccia-399855)

### Ingredients

 - 12 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 23 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 14 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 14 cup of butter, without salt

 - 14 cup of sugars, brown

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 3 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 14 cup of sugars, granulated

### Instructions

DOUGH: Combine warm water and sugar in a large bowl. Sorinkle yeast over mixture Let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in next 7 ingredients. Add 2 1/2 cups flour, stirring to combine. Stir in additional flour a bit at a time to make a soft dough. Knead 10 minutes by hand on a lightly floured surface or 5 minutes in mixer on low speed. Place dough in a lightly buttered or oiled large bowl, Cover bowl with plastic wap and let rise until doubled in volume about 1 hour,. Punch down dough on a lightly floured surface. Knead in cranberries. Shape onto a flat round about 8-inches in diameter. Place on a parchement-lined baking sheet. Cover lightly with plastic wrap. Let rise until doubled, about 45 minutes. Preheat oven to 375F. TOPPING:. Gently brush with melted butter and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Bake in preheated oven for 40-45 minutes, or until golden, Remove from baking sheet and cool on a wire rack.