## Honey Oat Wheat Bread

[0c3da4089a](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/honey-oat-wheat-bread/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 cup of honey

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 3/4 cup of oats

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of honey

 - 2 tablespoon of oats

### Instructions

In the large bowl of a stand mixer, stir the yeast into the warm water. Let it sit for 5 minutes. Stir in the milk, melted butter and honey. Add the wheat flour, bread flour, oats and salt, and mix on low until a dough ball begins to form. Change to the dough hook and continue kneading, on medium speed, until the dough is smooth and elastic (about 5-7 minutes). If the dough is sticky while kneading the dough, you can add more bread flour a little at a time. Place the dough in a lightly oiled large bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in a turned-off oven to rise until doubled in size, about 1-2 hours. Lightly oil a 9x5-inch bread pan. Line the pan with parchment paper, leaving 1-inch of parchment paper hanging off the sides of the pan (to use as handles for removing the bread later). Set aside. Remove the dough from the bowl and transfer to a lightly floured surface. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out until it is about 9x12-inches and is 1/2-inch thick (adding more flour to the surface if the dough begins to stick). Starting from the shorter end, roll up the dough in a log, tucking in the ends as you roll up. Place the dough into the prepared bread pan, seam-side down. Cover the bread pan with a clean, dry towel and let it rise until the dough has doubled again, about 1-2 hours. Preheat the oven to 350 F. Fill an empty baking pan with boiling water and place that pan on the lower rack of the oven. Microwave the remaining 1 tablespoon of honey for a few seconds until its liquid. Then brush it over the top of the bread loaf. Sprinkle the remaining oats on top. Bake the bread in the preheated oven until it is a deep golden brown, about 45 minutes. Allow the bread to cool in the pan for 10 minutes and then use the parchment paper handles to remove it from the pan and transfer to a cooling rack to cool completely. Slice, serve and enjoy! Recipe adapted from Bakingdom.