## No-Knead Bread (Refrigerated Dough/Hybrid Method)

[0c743ccc34](http://www.food.com/recipe/no-knead-bread-refrigerated-dough-hybrid-method-203502)

### Ingredients

 - 9 ounce of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 4 1/2 ounce of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 10 ounce of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 teaspoon of vinegar, cider

### Instructions

Mixed the dough by hand for about two minutes. 10 hours in refrigerator in a lightly oiled bowl covered with plastic wrap. 10 hours at room temperature. No further proofing needed. Sprinkled the board with 1/4 cup flour. Turned out the dough and sprinkled some more flour on top. Formed and stretched the dough, which only absorbed about half the flour on the board. The dough was moist, but very easy to handle. Put the dough in a lightly-oiled baking pan 12x 4, bottom sprinkled with corn meal, to rest while pre-heating the oven. Heated a clay baker to 500, and turned the dough into it. Baked at 475 for 30 minutes lid on and 10 minutes lid off. Good oven spring. Crust cracked, and crackled while cooling. Thin crisp crust. Complex flavour. Note: The refrigeration and fermenting times are neither precise nor critical. About eight hours of each will work fine. The dough just needs to double in bulk in the fermenting stage. Ive also been making it with 50/50 unbleached white and multigrain, and thats delicious. The resting in the baking pan is optional. I can now handle the dough without that, so I shape it, and just let it sit on the board until ready for the pot. I've also baked this as a boule in an unglazed tagine. It also works in any covered pot. This recipe/method is posted on The Fresh Loaf.