## Mathri (Salted Crackers)

[0c95e51ca1](http://www.food.com/recipe/mathri-salted-crackers-52766)

### Ingredients

 - 12 cup of semolina, unenriched

 - 12 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 cup of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, caraway seed

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

### Instructions

Mix the semolina in just enough water to make it completely wet and let it soak for about 20 minutes. Mix the other flours, 1/2 cup oil, salt and caraway seeds together. Add the soaked semolina and knead the dough, adding about 1/4 cup water as needed, until the dough becomes semi hard and supple. Make little balls (walnut size) and shape them into patties. On a flat surface, roll each patty, sprinkled with a pinch of black pepper, into a small round, about 1/4" thick. Prick the rounds with fork for air vents. Heat the oil in a deep frying pan or wok on medium heat. Fry the mathri, few at a time, turning as needed, until golden brown on all sides. Drain them on paper towels or brown paper bag. Repeat for the remaining mathri. Serve when completely cold. Variation: May add 1 cup fresh fenugreek leaves ( 1/2 cup dry leaves), black pepper and red chili powder, when making the dough. Healthy Alternative: Use milk instead of water to make the dough. Add 1 tablespoon baking powder and the desired spices. Take small pieces of dough and shape like bread sticks. Bake in the preheated oven at 425F for 5 minutes; turn and bake for another 5 minutes until light brown.