## Flour Tortillas

[0cd108e923](http://www.food.com/recipe/flour-tortillas-32131)

### Ingredients

 - 3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 34 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Stir together flour, baking powder and salt. Gradually stir in enough warm water to form a crumbly dough; then work dough with your hands until it holds together. Turn out onto a board and knead until smooth. Divide into 12 pieces and shape each into a smooth ball. Cover lightly with plastic film and let rest about 15 minutes. For each tortilla, flatten one ball into a 4 or 5-inch patty, then roll into a 9-inch round, rolling from center to edges. Turn tortilla often, stretching dough as you carefully peel it off board. Make sure these are paper thin, the thinner, the better! As each tortilla is shaped, place on preheated, dry, heavy griddle or heavy wide frying pan over medium-high heat. On a preheated electric griddle set at medium-high heat or about 375 degrees. Almost immediately, tiny blisters should appear. Turn tortilla and immediately start pressing a wide spatula directly on top of it-- press gently but firmly all over the top. Blisters will form over most of surface as you press. Turn tortilla and press all over other side until bilsters turn a golden brown; tortilla should remain soft. If tortillas stick or brown too quickly, reduce heat. Stack tortillas as cooked inside a folded cloth towel within a plastic bag; close bag and let tortillas steam and soften until all are cooked. Serve tortillas as soon as they are soft; or cool, remove from bag, wrap in foil, and refrigerate or freeze.