## Grandma's Easy Buttermilk Biscuits

[0d893930c9](https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/grandmas-easy-buttermilk-biscui-35602)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 1/4 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

### Instructions

Use enough buttermilk to make the dough really sticky but still enough to knead and roll out. Mix the ingredients together (add the buttermilk a little at a time). Turn out the dough on a floured board and knead in more self rising flour (but try not to handle the dough too much! ). Roll out the dough to about 1/4 inch and then fold the dough over to double it and press on it lightly. This fold in the dough will make the biscuits pull apart easily after they are cooked. Cut out biscuits about 2 1/2 inches in diameter using a glass dipped in flour. Re-roll the dough as needed. Place the biscuits in a baking pan up close against each other - this will make them rise higher. Some people put a little bit of vegetable oil in one end of the pan and run the tops of the biscuits through the oil then place them in the other end of the pan. This makes them get crustier and browner on top. Bake the biscuits at 450F (230C) until they are lightly browned (about 15 minutes). Serve with butter, jelly, honey, or filled with bacon, sausage, etc. 1 cup of flour makes about 4 or 5 biscuits, but you can increase the recipe easily, just always use one spoon of shortening the size of a small egg for each cup of flour.