## World Peace Cookies

[0e191b83e9](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/world-peace-cookies-360733)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/3 cup of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 11 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 2/3 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 5 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

Sift flour, cocoa, and baking soda into medium bowl. Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl until smooth but not fluffy. Add both sugars, vanilla, and sea salt; beat until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add flour mixture; beat just until blended (mixture may be crumbly). Add chopped chocolate; mix just to distribute (if dough doesn't come together, knead lightly in bowl to form ball). Divide dough in half. Place each half on sheet of plastic wrap. Form each into 1 1/2-inch-diameter log. Wrap each in plastic; chill until firm, about 3 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled. Preheat oven to 325F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Using thin sharp knife, cut logs crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick rounds. Space 1 inch apart on prepared sheets. Bake 1 sheet at a time until cookies appear dry (cookies will not be firm or golden at edges), 11 to 12 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.