## Patricia's Prize Winning Apple 'N' Honey Scones

[0e88043055](https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/patricias-prize-winning-apple-n-4725)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 23 cup of wheat germ, crude

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 13 cup of margarine, regular, 80% fat, composite, stick, without salt

 - 1 1/4 cup of apples, raw, with skin

 - 1/2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1/4 cup of honey

 - 1 tablespoon of wheat germ, crude

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

### Instructions

Heat oven 400F (200C). Lightly spray large cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray or grease lightly. Handle the dough gently. Over mixing scones can make them tough. Combine flour, wheat germ, baking powder, spices, baking soda and salt (if using). Cut in margarine until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add combined apple, milk and honey, mixing just until dry ingredients are moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface; knead gently 5 to 6 times. Pat dough into 9-inch circle. Mix together topping ingredients. Sprinkle over dough. Cut dough into 10 wedges. Place 1/2-inch apart on prepared cookie sheet. Bake 16 to 18 minutes or until light golden brown.