## Rich Chocolate Peanut Butter Pudding Cake

[10b91c4ba2](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/rich-chocolate-peanut-butter-pudding-cake/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 2 1/2 tablespoon of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, canola

 - 1/2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 13 cup of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 13 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 3 tablespoon of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

1. Spray the inside of a 3 1/2 4 quart slow cooker with non-stick cooking spray. 2. For the cake: In a medium-sized bowl, stir together flour, sugar substitute, sugar, baking powder, and cocoa. Add in the oil, milk, and vanilla. Stir until just combined. Stir in the peanut butter chips and white chocolate chips until evenly distributed. Batter will seem thicker than a normal cake batter. 3. Spread batter evenly into bottom of slow cooker. Put the peanut butter into a small microwave-safe dish. Melt the peanut butter for 30 seconds in the microwave. Drizzle melted peanut butter over the top of the batter and gently swirl it in with a knife. 4. In another bowl, stir together the sauce ingredients. Slowly stir until sugar is dissolved. Carefully pour hot water mixture over the top of the batter. 5. Cover and cook on high for 2-2 1/2 hours or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Remove crock from slow cooker (if this is possible with your crockpot), and cool uncovered on a wire rack for 20 minutes. 6. Spoon dessert into bowls and serve with your favorite frozen yogurt or ice cream. Store leftovers in the refrigerator.