## Anzac Biscuits

[120a9a14b3](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/347420-anzac-biscuits)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1 1/3 cup of oats

 - 1 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, brown

 - 125 g of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 2 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 150C. Line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper.In a medium sized bowl, sift together the flour and cinnamon. Add the rolled oats, Caster Sugar, Brown Sugar, and coconut; mix well.Combine the butter, Golden Syrup and water in a small saucepan, and stir over low-medium heat until the butter melts and the mixture is well combined. Remove from heat and stir in the bicarbonate of soda. Add immediately to the dry ingredients and use a wooden spoon to stir until well combined.Roll 2 Tbsp portions of mixture into balls and place on the lined tray about 5cm apart. Use your fingers to flatten each slightly (until they are about 1cm thick) and bake in preheated oven for 16 minutes (for a chewy biscuit) or 20 minutes for a crunchier biscuit. Remove from oven and set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. TIPS The biscuits will keep in an airtight container for up to a week.When combining the butter, golden syrup and water, ensure the mixture does not simmer or boil.For biscuit that is crisp on the outside with a chewy centre, bake for 18 minutes.Butter mixture can be melted in a microwave: Combine the butter, Golden Syrup and water in a medium sized heatproof microwave-safe container, bowl or jug. Heat, uncovered, on Medium-High (650 watts or 70%) for 1 minute and mix; check mixture; heat for additional 30 second intervals (stirring after each) until the butter melts and the mixture is combined well.