## Guizhou Lianai Doufu

[1335c78b48](https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/guizhou-lianai-doufu-45558)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of tofu, raw, regular, prepared with calcium sulfate

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 3 tablespoon of spices, coriander seed

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 2 tablespoon of onions, spring or scallions (includes tops and bulb), raw

 - 1 1/2 tablespoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, chili powder

 - 1 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 teaspoon of oil, sesame, salad or cooking

 - 2 cup of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 1 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 1 tablespoon of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 2 teaspoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 1 teaspoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 teaspoon of oil, sesame, salad or cooking

### Instructions

DRAIN THE TOFU AND CUT IT into 2-inch squares. Set to drain further on paper towels. Heat a wok or large saute pan until is is hot. Add the oil and all the filling ingredients and stir-fry for 1 minute. Put the cooked ingredients in a bowl and allow them to cool thoroughly. Heat a wok or large saute pan until it is hot. Add the 2 cups oil and, when it is hot, deep-fry the tofu on both sides until it is golden brown. Remove the tofu squares from the wok, drain them well on paper towels, and allow them to cool thoroughly. Drain and discard the oil. Take each of the tofu squares and, with a knife, split it slightly open on one side so a pocket is formed. Place a spoonful of cooked filling in each of the pockets. Continue to fill the squares until you have used all the tofu. Wipe the wok clean, reheat, and add 1 tablespoon oil. Then add the garlic and ginger, and stir-fry for 30 seconds. Then add the rest of the ingredients except the cornstarch mixture and sesame oil. Bring the mixture to a boil, return the fried bean curd pieces and cook over medium heat for 3 minutes. Now add the cornstarch mixture, stir gently to combine, and then add the sesame oil. Give the mixture a final turn and serve at once.