## No Bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Bars (Grain Free)

[1560ba2a33](http://www.food.com/recipe/no-bake-chocolate-peanut-butter-bars-grain-free-518916)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 1 cup of nuts, walnuts, english

 - 12 cup of seeds, flaxseed

 - 1 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 12 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 12 cup of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 13 cup of honey

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 3 tablespoon of honey

 - 1 cup of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1 teaspoon of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

### Instructions

Pulse nuts, flax and shredded coconut in a food processor until fine meal; place in large bowl. Melt coconut oil and nut butter over medium low heat, stirring until smooth. Add vanilla, honey and salt, stirring until incorporated; fold into nutmixture and mix thoroughly. Press into a 9 x 12-inch baking pan lined with parchment paper or waxed paper; chill in freezer for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the second 1/2-cup coconut oil over low heat; add honey and stir until blended. Stir in cocoa with a wire whisk, until smooth. Add coconut cream concentrate and stir. Quickly spread over frozen bars, then return to the freezer for another 10 minutes. Remove from freezer and lift bars out with the parchment paper. Cut into bars. Serve immediately and keep leftovers in refrigerator.