## Easy Peezy Pizza Dough (Bread Machine Pizza Dough)

[1564ca6551](http://www.food.com/recipe/easy-peezy-pizza-dough-bread-machine-pizza-dough-35805)

### Ingredients

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 3 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

SOME PIZZA TOPPING IDEAS. Caramelised onions and roasted garlic. Mozzarella cheese, Camembert, Romano and Feta (for a really, really cheezy pizza! ). Equal parts of basil pesto and olive oil mixed together with Parmesan or Romano cheese. Plus some roughly chopped sundried or SEMI-dried tomatoes, sliced black olives and LOTS of grated Mozzarella cheese, salt and lost of freshly ground black pepper! Cranberry jelly, shredded chicken, sliced Brie! Mozzarella cheese, shredded chicken and sliced avocado! THE BREAD. Place all the above ingredients in the order I have listed into the bread machine. Select the dough cycle and press start! When the dough cycle is complete, take the dough out of the machine and place in well greased bowl, and roll the dough around (in the bowl) thus 'coating' it in oil. Cover and leave to rise in a warm place for about 1/2 an hour. Knead the risen dough lightly. To shape and bake: roll the dough into a circle. Place on well greased baking tray or pizza pan. Then add a topping of your choice and bake at 225'C. NOTE: for a nice crisp and very thin pizza, bake BEFORE adding the topping AND after!