## Basic Snack Cake Mix Recipe

[166075a003](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/basic-snack-cake-mix-79825)

### Ingredients

 - 8 3/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 5 3/4 cup of sugars, granulated

### Instructions

In a large bowl, combine all ingredients. Stir with a wire whisk till blended. Divide mix proportionately into six 2 1/2 c. containers with tight fitting lids, about 2 1/4 c. each. Seal containers. Label with date and contents. Store in a cold dry place. Use within 10 to 12 weeks. Makes 6packages or possibly about 13 1/2 c. SNACK CAKE MIX. Will Make: Applesauce Snack Cake Banana Walnut Snack Cake Carrot Snack Cake Double Chocolate Snack Cake Oatmeal Spice Next time you go to the store, look at the boxes for other ideas! I'll type up the applesauce one for you to give you an idea of what's involved; the items with the asterisk are in all the recipes - just the ty of nuts, fruits and flavorings change. 1 pkg snack cake mix* 1 egg* 1/3 c. vegetable oil* 3/4 c applesauce1 1/2 t cinnamon 1/2 teaspoon grnd allspice 1/8 teaspoon grnd cloves 1/2 c minced nuts1 c (golden brown) raisins Preheat oven to 325F. Pour snack cake mix into an ungreases 8- or possibly 9-inch square baking pan; set aside. In a small bowl, combine egg, oil, applesauce, cinnamon, allspice a cloves, beating with a fork to combine. Stir in snack cake mix till smoot and blended. Stir in nuts and raisins. Bake 35 - 45 min till a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cold on a rack Serves 6