## Coconut Macaroons

[16ecee9288](http://www.cookstr.com/recipes/coconut-macaroons-2)

### Ingredients

 - 3/4 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 2 tablespoon of seeds, flaxseed

 - 1/8 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1/4 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 1/4 cup of sweetener, syrup, agave

 - 1/4 cup of seeds, sesame butter, tahini, from roasted and toasted kernels (most common type)

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/2 teaspoon of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350F (180C). Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper, or spray with nonstick spray. In the bowl of a food processor, whir the almonds, flax and salt together until they resemble a coarse meal, about the texture of cornmeal. The mixture should be very finely ground, without any identifiable pieces of almond visible. Add the coconut and pulse once or twice to combine. Pour the maple syrup, agave nectar, tahini, vanilla and coconut extract over the dry ingredients. Process again until everything is incorporated and the mixture forms a sticky ball (you may need to stop and scrape down the sides of the processor bowl once or twice). Stop as soon as the mixture holds together to avoid grinding the coconut too fine. Using a small ice cream scoop or tablespoon (15 ml), drop small mounds of the mixture onto the cookie sheets about 1 inch (5 cm) apart. Wet your palms (or use a silicon spatula) and flatten the cookies slightly. Bake in preheated oven 10-12 minutes, rotating sheets about halfway through, until the cookies are deep golden brown on top. Cool completely before removing to a cooling rack (the cookies will firm up as they cool). May be frozen.