## Vegan Oatmeal Spice Cookies

[189351ceb9](http://www.food.com/recipe/vegan-oatmeal-spice-cookies-327885)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 2/3 cup of oats

 - 13 cup of seeds, flaxseed

 - 12 cup of orange juice, raw

 - 1 teaspoon of orange juice, raw

 - 2-3 teaspoon of carrots, raw

 - 3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, cloves, ground

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 325 degrees . Cream together grapeseed oil and raw cane sugar. Add the oats, seed-nut mixture, rice milk, orange juice, orange rind and carrot and beat well. Sift together the remaining dry ingredients. Fold into creamed mixture and mix well. Drop by spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet and back for 18-22 minutes, depending on your oven and the size of your cookies. I always make them BIG! Since these are Vegan, you and your kids can eat as much dough as you want while you are making them and dont have to worry about getting sick. They are soooo tasty and hearty, and very good for you. Its a great way to disguise health food and get your family to try it! I like these as a quick grab and go snack, or for breakfast. My daughter and her friends like to dip them in rice milk or have them with juice. * You can use organic brown sugar if your store doesn't carry raw cane sugar.