## French Countryside Bread (Bread Machine - Abm)

[1974967fbc](http://www.food.com/recipe/french-countryside-bread-bread-machine-abm-346290)

### Ingredients

 - 1 3/8 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 1/2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 4 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

### Instructions

Add all ingredients to your bread machine as your directions instruct. Mine go like this:. Add liquid ingredients to bread pan. Add all dry ingredients, except yeast, to bread pan. Make a well in the dry ingredients and carefully add the yeast into the well. Select the "French" setting on your machine. Select crust color, if applicable. Press start! OVEN METHOD:. To make loaves in the oven, use the "Dough" cycle on your machine. When cycle is complete, punch dough down and divide into 2 equal parts. On a lightly floured surface, roll each half into a rectangle, about 10 x 15. Starting at the long side, roll each rectangle, jelly roll style, into a tight, long loaf. Seal seams and ends by pinching dough together. Place loaves seam sides down on a large, ungreased baking sheet. You may sprinkle some cornmeal or flour on the pan under where you'll be placing the loaves. Cover loaves with a clean towel and let rise in a warm place for about 30 minutes, until almost double in size. Preheat oven to 375*. Place a pan of hot water on the bottom rack of your oven. This will create steam inside the oven while the bread is baking to give you an authentic crust. Using a very sharp knife, carefully make 3 or 4 diagonal slashes in each loaf, cutting about 1/2 inch down into dough. If you choose, at this time you can carefully brush on an egg white glaze (one egg white beaten with 1 tbl. of water) and sprinkle with sesame seeds, poppy seeds, dried onion or garlic, etc., if desired. Bake for 25-30 minutes (or until loaves sound hollow when tapped) on middle oven rack. Cool on wire racks and serve warm.