## Strawberry Shortcake

[19dd2fa5a3](http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/11823)

### Ingredients

 - 2 pint of strawberries, raw

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 3 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 5 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 1/4 cup of butter, without salt

 - 3 cup of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 1/4 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

Pick over and hull strawberries. Cut in half or slice, depending on size. Gently crush about a quarter of the berries with a fork to release their juices. Mix with remaining berries and the 1/2 cup of sugar, adding more sugar if necessary. Set aside, covered, for about half an hour to develop flavor. Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Into a large mixing bowl, sift together flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, salt and baking powder. Add 3/4 cup of softened butter, and rub into dry ingredients as for pastry. Add 1 1/4 cups cream, and mix to a soft dough. Knead the dough for one minute on a lightly floured pastry board, then roll it out to about 1/2-inch thickness. Using a 3-inch biscuit cutter, cut an even number of rounds - 2 rounds per serving. Use a little of the butter to grease a baking sheet. Place half the rounds on it. Melt remaining butter and brush a little on the rounds; place remaining rounds on top. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove from the oven, and pull shortcakes apart. Brush the insides with some of the remaining melted butter. Beat remaining cream until it thickens. Add vanilla. Beat again just until thick. Place a bottom half of a shortcake on each plate. Top with a generous spoonful of berries. Cover with a top half, add a few more berries, and top with whipped cream. Serve immediately.