## Chocolate Raspberry Cream Torte

[1a21548b40](https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/chocolate-raspberry-cream-torte-46779)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 teaspoon of vinegar, distilled

 - 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 13 cup of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1/4 cup of jams and preserves, apricot

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350F (180C). In a medium saucepan over low heat, melt the corn oil spreadand stir in the sugar. Remove from the heat and stir in the milk, vinegar and vanilla. In a small bowl stir together the flour, cocoa, and baking soda, and then add it gradually to the sugar mixture, stirring with a wisk until wel blended. Pour into prepared pan and bake 16 to 18 min. or until wooden pick inserted into center comes out clean. Cool for 10 min. remove from pan to wire rack. Cool completely. andgt;andgt;andgt;To make the filling and assemble. Thaw and drain the frozen raspberrys, then put in blender container and blend until smooth. In a small mixer bowl put whipped topping mix and the cold skim milk do not add vanilla and add the red food coloring. fold in the raspberry puree'. Cut cake crosswise into 4 equal pieces. Place 1 piece on cake or serving plateand spread itb jam on top, the spread a scant 3/4 cup of the cream filling over the jam. Repeat with the other 3 cake pieces. Use the remaining jam and cream filling to garnish the top as you desire.