## Baguettes, Best Ever Recipe

[1dcd6bc718](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/baguettes-best-ever-73557)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 10 ounce of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

* Adjust the water temperature so which the combined temperature of the water and flour is 130F. Place the flour, salt, and yeast in a food processor with the steel blade. With the machine running, pour all but 2 Tbsp. of the called for liquid through the feed tube. Process for 20 seconds, and add in the remaining liquid if the dough does not form a ball during this time. Continue processing for another 25 seconds, for a total time of 45 seconds. The temperature of the dough should be between 75-80F. If the dough is too cold, process for another 5 seconds. If it is too warm, place the dough in the refrigerator for 5-10 min. Place the dough in a large ungreased bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and all to rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hrs at a cold temperature of 70-72F. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface, and divide the dough into 3 pcs. Shape into baguettes. Let them rise for 30-45 min. Sprinkle with flour, and slash diagonally several times. Place a small pan on the oven flour. Preheat the oven (for one hour) to 475F. Pour one c. of water into the pan on the oven floor. Place the baguettes in the oven and reduce the heat to 450F. Bake for 2 min, then quickly pour another c. of water into the pan. Bake for another 20-22 min till the crust is golden brown and taping the bottom produces a hollow sound. NOTES : For a lighter texture, use all-purpose flour. This dough can be used to make hearty peasant rolls or possibly any other bread shape. These were the absolute best baguettes I've ever made! [Ellen)