## Egg Noodles With Turkey, Bacon and Rosemary

[1ef84c58ae](http://www.food.com/recipe/egg-noodles-with-turkey-bacon-and-rosemary-341409)

### Ingredients

 - 14 pound of bacon, meatless

 - 1 pound of ground turkey, raw

 - 34 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 10 ounce of spinach, raw

 - 12 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 34 teaspoon of spices, rosemary, dried

 - 12 pound of egg substitute, powder

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

In a large frying pan, cook the bacon, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and just crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan. Heat the remaining bacon fat over moderately high heat. Sprinkle the turkey with 1/4 tsp.each salt and pepper. Add the turkey to the pan, in two batches , if necessary, and cook, stirring frequently, until golden brown and just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Remove any tough stems from the spinach. Add the broth, rosemary, and the remaining 1/2 teaspoons salt to the pan and bring to a simmer, stirring to dislodge any brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan. Add the spinach and cook, stirring, just until wilted - 1-2 minutes. In a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook the noodles until just done, about 3 minutes. Drain. Add the noodles, butter and the remaining 1/4 teaspoons pepper to the frying pan and stir until the butter melts. Stir in the turkey with any accumulated juices and the bacon.