## Chocolate Covered Strawberries

[20f9be4c69](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/holidays/chocolate-covered-strawberries-4/)

### Ingredients

 - 6 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 1 pound of strawberries, raw

 - 3 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

1. Put the semi-sweet chocolate into a heatproof medium bowl. Fill a medium saucepan with a couple inches of water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Turn off the heat and set the bowl of chocolate over the water to melt. 2. Stir until chocolate is smooth. (Alternately, melt the chocolate in a microwave at half power, for 1 minute, stir and then heat for another minute or until melted.) 3. Once the chocolate is melted and smooth, remove from the heat. 4. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Holding the strawberry by the stem, dip the fruit into the dark chocolate, lift and twist slightly, letting any excess chocolate fall back into the bowl. Set strawberries on the parchment paper. 5. Repeat with the rest of the strawberries. 6. Now put the white chocolate into a small bowl and place over a double boiler to melt. Stir and heat until chocolate is smooth and then remove from heat. Dip a fork in the white chocolate and drizzle the white chocolate over the dipped strawberries. 7. Set the strawberries aside on a sheet of parchment paper until the chocolate sets, about 30 minutes. Notes: -Instead of using a fork to drizzle the white chocolate, you can use a small sandwich bag (with the corner tip cut off) or a piping bag to decorate the strawberries. This way it looks cleaner and you can make disigns like these cute footballs. If youre a fan of white chocolate then switch the amounts for the white and dark chocolate, dip the stawberries into the white chocolate first, and then drizzle the dark chocolate over it. You could double-dip. Dip the strawberry into the dark chocolate, let it cool and set, then dip the tip into the white chocolate, and let it cool again. Or visa-versa. -You could also dip the strawberry at an angle into the dark chocolate, let it dry a bit, and then dip the other side into the white chocolate going at the reverse angle. If using white chocolate, you can use sugar sprinkles to make them pretty. Storage: After letting the chocolate set, you can keep them out at room temperature or you can put them in the fridge. -These dont last very long; they arent like a pan of brownies. They usually last up to 3 days in the fridge, but the sooner you eat them the better. Recipe adapted from: Food Network.