## 15 Minute Fudge, 3 Kinds(Cook's Illustrated)

[21503d8795](http://www.food.com/recipe/15-minute-fudge-3-kinds-cooks-illustrated-487270)

### Ingredients

 - 16 ounce of candies, semisweet chocolate

 - 2 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 12 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 18 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 1/4 cup of milk, canned, condensed, sweetened

 - 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 cup of candies, marshmallows

 - 1 cup of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 12 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

Cut 12-inch length extra-wide heavy-duty aluminum foil; fold edges back to form 7 1/2-inch width. With folded sides facing down, fit foil securely into bottom and up sides of 8-inch-square baking pan, allowing excess to overhang pan sides. Spray foil with nonstick cooking spray. Toss chocolates, baking soda, and salt in medium heatproof bowl until baking soda is evenly distributed. Stir in sweetened condensed milk and vanilla. Set bowl over 4-quart saucepan containing 2 cups simmering water. Stir with rubber spatula until chocolate is almost fully melted and few small pieces remain, 2 to 4 minutes. Do not melt the chocolate completely or the fudge may become greasy. Remove bowl from heat and continue to stir until chocolate is fully melted and mixture is smooth, about 2 minutes. Stir in marshmallows, peanuts, and chocolate chips. Transfer fudge to prepared pan and spread in even layer with spatula. Refrigerate until set, about 2 hours. Remove fudge from pan using foil and cut into squares. Let come to room temperature for a few minutes before serving. Walnut: Stir in 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts instead of peanuts and marshmallows in step 3. Peanut Butter: Substitute 18 ounces peanut butter chips for chocolates in step 2 and omit walnuts. Can add 1 cup chopped salted toasted peanuts for crunch. The fudge is best to be eaten within a few days, because it will dry out as it sits. It can be stored tightly wrapped in the freezer, however, for up to three months. TO MAKE DOUBLE BATCH:. Line 13 by 9-inch pan with two sheets of foil placed perpendicular to each other and double amounts of all ingredients. In step 2, use large heatproof bowl and Dutch oven containing 4 cups simmering water.