## Banana Oatmeal Biscuits

[23018f0cca](http://www.food.com/recipe/banana-oatmeal-biscuits-169633)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of oats

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 14 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, cloves, ground

 - 6 tablespoon of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

 - 3 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 12 cup of nuts, walnuts, english

 - 34 cup of raisins, seeded

 - 12 cup of bananas, raw

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 375F. Mix the dry ingredients well; set aside. Put milk and butter in a pot of about 4 quarts, warm the milk slightly and slowly just to melt the butter. Move the pot away from fire, stir in nuts, raisins, mashed banana, and the dry ingredients. Mix well and let stand 5 minutes. Spoon and drop them on lightly oiled baking sheet or cupcake cups, then pat them to about 1/2 inch thick with floured fingers. Bake for about 12-15 minutes or until biscuits are golden. Serve plain, or with butter, peanut butter, chocolate sauce, cream cheese, honey, jam, etc. To reheat, put in toaster oven for 2-3 minutes for a dry and crispy outside, then optionally microwave for 10-20 seconds (depends on amount of biscuits) for a steamy and moist inside.