## Healthier, Homemade Flour Tortillas

[230b48c344](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/sidedishes/healthier-homemade-flour-tortillas/)

### Ingredients

 - 4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 3/4 cup of oil, canola

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

1. In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, salt and baking powder. 2. Add the oil, a little at a time. Mix with a fork until the dough is crumbly. 3. Add the warm water, a little at a time. Continue mixing with a fork until the dough starts to come together. 4. At this point, you can start kneading it with your hands. Or, if you like shortcuts like my mom, let the KitchenAid mixer do the work using a dough hook. Knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic and no longer sticky. 5. Roll the dough into 18 balls that are each the size of golf balls and put them on a tray. Cover tray with a wet paper towel and allow the dough to sit for 10 minutes. 6. Spread flour on your work surface and keep a cup of extra flour handy. Rolling tortillas is sticky business! 7. Take a dough ball and slightly flatten it out with your hands. Take your rolling pin and start rolling it out. 8. The dough will stick to the rolling pin almost immediately. Thats OK. Peel off the dough from the rolling pin and use your other hand to spread the existing flour over your counter again. Flip the tortilla so that the floury side is now up. Start to roll it out again. 9. Repeat this process until you have something that resembles a tortilla (mine was the shape of an amoeba). If youre awesome like my mother, you will coax it into a perfect circle. You can stretch it out like pizza dough to get the perfect shape. Maybe you can do this? If you cant, I can assure you that amoeba tortillas taste the same. 10. Preheat a skillet over medium heat. After you finish a tortilla, throw it onto the pan. Cook on one side until you see bubbles forming on the surface. Flip and cook on the other side until soft bubbles form again. You may start to see light brown spots form as well. However, you dont want to see dark brown spots unless you have an unusual taste for crispy tortillas. When done remove it from the skillet and set it on a plate. 11. Keep repeating the rolling and cooking process. You should be able to roll out the next tortilla as the last one cooks. They are best when served right away. But my husband can tell you they also taste like heaven reheated in the middle of the night. Serving size: 1 tortilla Weight Watchers Points+: 4 Calories 170, Carbs 20g, Fat 9g, Protein 3g