## Oh My Buttermilk Biscuits

[23308e67aa](http://www.food.com/recipe/oh-my-buttermilk-biscuits-378075)

### Ingredients

 - 4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 12 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 cup of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 2 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 450 degrees. In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. With a pastry blender or two knives, cut in vegetable shortening or butter until particles are the size of small peas. Make a well in the center of the ingredients. Add milk, all at once, into the well; stir just until dough sticks together and is free from sides bowl. On a lightly flour surface, knead dough gently about 10 to 15 times (do not over knead or the biscuits will be tough). Gently roll or pat dough to 1-inch thickness. Cut with a floured 2- or 3-inch biscuit cutter or a drinking glass that has been dipped in flour. Place onto an ungreased baking sheet, close together for soft-sided biscuits or 1-inch apart for crisp-sided ones. Prick biscuits with a fork. Bake 5 minutes; reduce oven to 400 degrees F. and bake another 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and serve warm. Notes: If you need to hold the uncooked biscuits, the cut dough rounds can be refrigerated for up to 1 hour. The vegetable shortening or butter MUST be very cold! If you find yourself short of buttermilk for your recipe, you can make your own by adding 2 tablespoons of vinegar to 2 cups of whole milk.