## Peanut Butter Cookies

[250141419b](http://www.food.com/recipe/peanut-butter-cookies-404545)

### Ingredients

 - 1 3/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 34 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 34 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of seeds, flaxseed

 - 3 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 1/4 cup of sugars, brown

 - 34 cup of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 12 cup of margarine, regular, 80% fat, composite, stick, without salt

 - 3 tablespoon of beverages, almond milk, unsweetened, shelf stable

 - 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 12 cup of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 12 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 375 dgrees. In a small bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt. Whip the ground flax seeds and water until thick and creamy. In a large bowl, combine the brown sugar, peanut butter, butter, milk and vanilla. Beat at medium speed with a hand dmixer until well blended. Add flax seed mixture and beat until just combined. Add flour mixture (and ground peanuts or chocolate chips if using) and mix until just blended. Drop 1 tbsp of the batter onto cookie sheets about 2 inches apart. Flatten slightly in a criss-cross pattern with the tines of a fork (I use a pasty cutter, and roll it across the cookies). Bake cookies for 10-12 minutes or until set and just beginning to brown. Do not overbake. Remove from oven and let cool on the sheet for 3-5 mintues before tranferring to a wire rack to finish cooling.