## Angel Pillows

[2557fc8f38](https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/angel-pillows-41022)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 cup of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 3 ounce of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 1 tablespoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1/2 cup of apricots, dried, sulfured, uncooked

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 cup of nuts, pecans

 - 1 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 1/4 cup of apricots, dried, sulfured, uncooked

 - 1 tablespoon of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350F (180C)., grease cookie sheets with butter flavored shortening. Cream the shortening, cream cheese and milk with an electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Beat in the brown sugar. Beat in the preserves. Combine the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. Mix into the creamed mixture. Stir in the nuts. Drop 2 level tablespoons of dough into a mound to form each cookie. Place 2 inches apart on the cookie sheets. Bake for 14 minutes. Cool on the cookie sheets for 1 minute; remove to wire racks to cool completely before frosting. For the frosting, combine the powdered sugar, preserves and shortening in a small bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until well blended. Frost the cooled cookies; sprinkle with coconut, if desired.