## Caramel Cinnamon Snack Mix

[27fe87bf36](http://www.food.com/recipe/caramel-cinnamon-snack-mix-325608)

### Ingredients

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 12 cup of snacks, popcorn, air-popped (unsalted)

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 1/2 cup of sugars, brown

 - 12 cup of butter, without salt

 - 12 cup of syrups, corn, light

 - 14 cup of candies, white chocolate

 - 2 cup of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

Grease 2 large baking pans; set aside. Heat oil in large saucepan over high heat until hot. Add corn kernels. Cover pah. Shake pan constantly over high heat until kernels no longer pop. Divide popcorn evenly between 2 large bowls. Add 1/4 tsp salt to each bowl; toos to coat. Set aside. Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Combine sugar, butter and corn syrup in medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat until sugar melts, stirring constantly with wooden spoon. Bring mixture to boil. Boil 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove 1/2 of sugar mixture (about 3/4 c) from saucepan; pour over 1 portion of popcorn. Toss with lightly greased spatula until evenly coated. Add red hot candies to saucepan. Stir constantly with wooden spoon until melted. Pour over remaining portion of popcorn; toss with lightly greased spatula until evenly coated. Spread each portion of popcorn in even layer in separate prepared pans with lightly greased spatula. Bake 1 hour stirring every 15 minutes with wooden spoon to prevent popcorn from sticking together. Cool completely in pans. Combine popcorn, graham cracker shapes, and chocolate pieces in a large bowl. Store in airtight container at room temperature up to 1 week.