## Calzone With Spinach Filling Recipe

[28809ee3bc](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/calzone-with-spinach-filling-98185)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 teaspoon of honey

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 3 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

### Instructions

Combine yeast, water and honey in a bowl. Let sit for 5 min. Beat in salt and flour, mix with wooden spoon. Turn out onto flour and knead for 10 min. Use extra virgin olive oil to grease a bowl, put the dough into the bowl and let rise till doubled (put some oil on top too.) Punch dough down in bowl. Turn out onto flour and squish into a ball. Divide dough into 6-8 parts, form into balls and roll into circles. Fill as desired. Bake in 425 degree oven for approximately 20 min (keep a close eye on them..) Suggested spinach filling, exact amounts not available, whatever looks right Minced fresh spinach leaves Minced fresh mushrooms ricotta cheese chopped garlic minced tomatoes (these are necessary otherwise this may wind up dry) mozzarella cheese one egg (optional) desired seasonings Mix everything except mozzarella and tomatoes into a bowl. Fill the calzones with the spinach/ricotta mix. Top with tomatoes and mozzarella. Take care not to put too much filling. Fold the dough over and seal with a fork. Poke a couple of vent holes in the top. Bake as directed above.