## Focaccia recipe

[28a0588172](http://www.lovefood.com/guide/recipes/17049/focaccia-recipe)

### Ingredients

 - 500 g of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 500 ml of water, bottled, generic

 - 10 g of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 225 ml of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 tablespoon of beverages, ovaltine, classic malt powder

 - 100 ml of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 10 g of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 500 g of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 20 g of salt, table

### Instructions

For the Biga: dissolve the yeast in the water then mix with the flour until all the flour is absorbed. Cover and leave in a cool place overnight. Longer fermentation will give a more complex flavour and add a little acidity to the bread. In this case you can refrigerate the biga and leave it for up to 72 hours. For the dough: this bread requires a hot oven but the long bread making process will give you plenty of opportunity to build your fire. The ideal oven will be at 230C/450F falling slowly. Build up the fire until the oven is at an even 230C/450F which will take about 60 minutes. When it is up to temperature, push the fire to the back of the oven with your metal peel or coal hook. Keep the door shut to keep the heat in the oven. Mix together the water with the malt extract, one third of the olive oil and the yeast. Mix the salt with the flour then add this to the biga along with the liquid. Mix together with your hands until you have a soft, sticky dough. Don't panic at the stickiness of the dough at this stage. Knead the sticky dough on a clean surface, resisting the temptation to add more flour, until it is silky, smooth and springy. You may get messy to start with but stay with it. Tip the remaining olive oil on to a lipped tray and rub it so that the tray is coated. Place the kneaded dough on to the tray. Cover with clingfilm and leave for 1 hour in a warm place. Pat the dough out into a rectangle in the oiled tray and fold it over in thirds giving a little stretch in each direction. Flip the dough over so that the seam faces downwards. This stretching and folding helps to create an open texture in the bread and incorporates more oil. Cover again and then repeat this patting out and folding every 30-40 minutes another 3 times. Each time you are gently stretching and folding the dough rather than knocking out the gas. The dough will become huge. Cut the dough into three equal pieces taking care not to lose too much gas in the process. Dimple the surface with your fingertips to gently flatten and expand the breads, each should measure about 30x20cm/12x8". Cover the dough and leave for another 15 minutes. Drizzle with a little more olive oil and sprinkle coarse sea salt over the surface then make deep impressions with your fingertips. At this stage you can add any other toppings but keep it simple eg rosemary, sage, pitted olives or sesame seeds are all traditional toppings. Open the oven door and use your well-floured wooden peel to place the dough directly on to the floor of the oven. Shut the door and bake for 12-18 minutes or until the upper surface is a deep golden brown. Open the oven door and use your wooden peel to take the loaves out and leave them to cook on a wire rack. This is delicious served with a fish soup and salad or with roast chicken, roast summer veggies and rocket salad.