## Pistachio and Coconut Cookies

[2941543fd0](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/pistachio-and-coconut-cookies/)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of cornstarch

 - 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 3 tablespoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 tablespoon of cream, sour, cultured

 - 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/4 cup of nuts, pistachio nuts, raw

 - 1/4 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a baking sheet. Mix flour, 1/4 cup sugar, cornstarch, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl. Rub coconut oil into flour mixture using your hands until mixture is crumbly. Add milk, sour cream, and vanilla extract and mix just until dough is combined; fold in pistachios and coconut. Scoop dough, about 1 teaspoon per cookie, and form into balls; arrange on the prepared baking sheet about 1-inch apart. Mix 1 teaspoon sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl; sprinkle over dough. Bake in the preheated oven until edges turn light brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool cookies on a wire rack.