## Snickerdoodle Scones

[2a2c27f4db](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/snickerdoodle-scones-2/)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 cup of yogurt, greek, plain, nonfat

 - 1/4 cup of egg substitute, powder

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 3 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 18 teaspoon of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/2 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, whisk together yogurt and egg. Set aside. In a large bowl, mix together the flours, sugar, baking powder, cream of tartar, and cinnamon until combined. Add butter and mix until butter is in small pea size pieces, using a fork or your hands (I used my hands). Fold the yogurt mixture into the flour mixture until just combined. Transfer dough to lightly floured work surface. Knead dough 6 to 8 times, until it just holds together. Divide dough in half and form each piece of dough into a circle, about an 1 thick, and maybe 6 8 wide. Transfer to prepared baking sheet. Mix the sugar and cinnamon for the topping. Sprinkle dough with cinnamon sugar topping. With a sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut each of the pieces of dough into 8 wedges, making 16 wedges. Bake 15 to 18 minutes until golden brown. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Adapted from Better Homes and Gardens.