## Chocolate Covered Coconut Snowball

[2eb0979ccb](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/339972-chocolate-covered-coconut-snowball)

### Ingredients

 - 150 ml of water, bottled, generic

 - 250 g of sugars, granulated

 - 200 g of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 50 g of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 50 ml of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 15 g of butter, without salt

 - 300 g of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

Mix the water and the sugar and bring to boil. The syrup will be done when, after cooling your fingers with icecold water, fhe syrup will form soft threads that break easily. Stir the syrup until it's white and then mix it with the coconut. Let it cool down. Melt the butter and add the chocolate until it melts completely. Whip the cream until it's done and quicly stir in the melted chocolate. Use a pastry bag bit a small end to make small dots. Put them in the freezer until they hard so they don't melt in your hands. Once hard start making balls with thr coconut, placing a dot in the middle. Put the balls for 45min. in the freezer. Melt the chocolate at bain-marie (a.k.a water bath) and bath the frozen coconut balls, put them on a baking sheet and let the chocolate harden. Must be kept in the fridge because it contains dietary products. You can mix orange zest or lemon zest in them to give them an extra-punch ;)