## Galette Dough Recipe

[2f49e5cc9f](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/galette-dough-484)

### Ingredients

 - 3 tablespoon of cream, sour, cultured

 - 1/3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 7 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

To Make the Dough by Hand, stir the sour cream and 1/3 cup ice water together in a small bowl and set aside. Put the flour, cornmeal, sugar, and salt in a large bowl and stir with a fork to mix. Drop the butter pieces into the bowl, tossing them once or twice just to coat them with flour. With a pastry blender, work the butter into the flour, aiming for pieces of butter that range in size from bread crumbs to small peas. The smaller pieces will make the dough tender; the larger ones will make it flaky. Sprinkle the cold sour cream mixture over the dough, one tablespoon at a time, tossing with a fork to evenly distribute it. After youave added all of the sour cream, the dough should be moist enough to stick together when pressed; if itas not, add additional cold water, one teaspoon at a time. (Temptation will be to add too much water; this is not a wet dough.) With your hands, gather the curds of dough together. (Youall have a soft, malleable dough, the kind you might want to overwork, so pat, donat knead.) Chilling the Dough a" Turn the dough out of the bowl and divide it in half. Press each piece of dough into a disk, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least two hours. To Make the Dough in a Food Processor, stir the sour cream and 1/3 cup ice water together in a small bowl; set aside. Put the flour, cornmeal, sugar, and salt in the work bowl of a processor fitted with the metal blade; pulse to combine. Drop the butter pieces into the bowl and pulse eight to ten times, or until the mixture is speckled with pieces of butter that vary in size from bread crumbs to peas. With the machine running, add the sour cream mixture and process just until the dough forms soft, moist curds. This will not take long; air on the side of underdoing it in the food processor and finishing by hand. Chilling the Dough a" Remove the dough from the processor, divide it in half, and press each half into a disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for at least two hours. Storing a" The dough can be kept in the refrigerator for a day or two, or it can be wrapped airtight and frozen for a month. Thaw, still wrapped, in the refrigerator. It is convenient to roll the dough into rounds, place parchment between each round, and freeze them wrapped in plastic this way, youall need only about twenty minutes to defrost a round of dough at room temperature before it can be filled, folded into a galette, and baked.