## Bruleed Steel Cut Oats

[2f808e991d](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breakfastbrunch/bruleed-steel-cut-oats/)

### Ingredients

 - 3 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 cup of oats

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 1/2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, brown

 - 1/2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

### Instructions

1. Bring the water to a boil in a large pot. Add the steel cut oats and and salt. Stir. 2. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook for 30 minutes. Make sure you stir the oats occasionally so they dont stick to the pan. 3. When the oats start to thicken, at about 30 minutes, add in the milk and vanilla. I think the milk makes the oats creamier. Stir the oats, milk, and vanilla together and cook for a few more minutes. 4. To make bruleed oats: Put the oats in a bowl, sprinkle with brown sugar and turbinado sugar. With a creme brulee torch, fire the top of the oats until the sugar is crystalized. If you dont have a torch, you can do this under the oven broiler. Just watch them so they dont burn. It should only take a minute or two. You can add additional toppings if you wish. I like cinnamon and raisins in mine. Enjoy! This batch makes 4-6 servings. 4 if its for my husband, 6 if its for me. *If you want you can let the oats cool and then portion them out into smaller containers. To reheat, I add a splash of milk and reheat in the microwave for 1-2 minutes. * *Note- If you prefer, you can use 4 cups of water and omit the milk. I just like the creaminess that the milk adds. *