## Savory Whole Wheat, Spinach, and Cheddar Scones

[2fe0959f08](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/savory-whole-wheat-spinach-and-cheddar-scones-381764)

### Ingredients

 - 3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 3/4 cup of honey

 - 1 1/2 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 3/4 cup of spinach, raw

 - 3/4 cup of cheese, cheddar

### Instructions

Position a rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt in a large mixing bowl and set aside. Whisk the honey and cream in a separate bowl until smooth. Stir together the spinach and Cheddar cheese in a small bowl and set aside. Whisk the cream mixture into the flour mixture. Stir in the spinach mixture until smooth. Dont overmix the dough. Its okay if a few lumps of dry ingredients are visible. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead the dough very briefly, about 30 seconds, just until it sticks together. There should be as little handling as possible. Gently form the dough into a ball and lightly dust it with a little flour. Sprinkle a little more flour on the work surface and using a floured rolling pin, roll out the dough into a 1-inch-thick round that is 8 to 9 inches in diameter. Cut the dough into desired shapes. Gather up the scraps, reroll them, and cut out more scones until the dough is used up. Pat the scones lightly to smooth the tops. Place the scones about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet. Bake the scones for 12 to 14 minutes, or until the tops spring back when pressed lightly and they are golden brown on the top and bottom. Remove the scones from the oven and cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheet. Transfer the scones to a wire rack to cool for at least 5 minutes before serving.