## Homemade Paneer / Panir (Indian Curd Cheese)

[3072b59c95](http://www.food.com/recipe/homemade-paneer-panir-indian-curd-cheese-21956)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 quart of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 1/2 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

### Instructions

For channa: Pour milk into a heavy 4-quart saucepan, bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to medium and stir in buttermilk. When the curds form a mass (you'll see a clear, pale-yellow whey surrounding the curds), remove pan from heat, let stand, partially covered, for 10 minutes. Line a colander with a double layer of dampened cheesecloth. Set the colander in the sink or in a bowl if you wish to save the whey (see note). Gather together the corners of the cloth, give one or two twists, and tie with a kitchen twine. Gently pour the curds and whey into the cheesecloth. Hang the cheesecloth bag over the faucet and let the cheese drain for 1 hour, or until it is as thick as yogurt (this is channa). If the weather is warm, leave the cheesecloth bag in the colander, set the colander on a plate to catch the drippings, and refrigerate until the cheese has thickened. Unwrap the channa and use immediately, or cover and store in the refrigerator for up to 4 days. (Note: Save the whey for making your next batch of paneer, use it for cooking lentils or pilafs, or add it to soups.) Yields approximately 10 ounces. Nutrition Infomation: PER OUNCE (channa): 75 calories, 5 g protein, 0 g carbohydrate, 6 g fat (4 g saturated), cholesterol and sodium content is not available, 0 g fiber. For Paneer cheese: Snugly wrap cheesecloth around the channa to form a"cake." Place on a cookie sheet, place another cookie sheet on top and add weights (for example, 2 or 3 large cans of tomatoes, 2 or 3 bricks, a large pitcher of water). Let the cheese sit for 2 to 4 hours.Use immediately, or cover and refrigerate for up to 5 days. Yields 8 ounces (1 cup). Nutrition Infomation: PER OUNCE (paneer): 100 calories, 7 g protein, 2 g carbohydrate, 7 g fat (5 g saturated), cholesterol and sodium content is not available, 0 g fiber.