## Spicy Cornmeal Crackers

[3148337134](http://www.food.com/recipe/spicy-cornmeal-crackers-74571)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 14 cup of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 2 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, pepper, red or cayenne

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

In the bowl of a heavy-duty mixer use the paddle attachment to combine the water and oil. In another bowl, mix the flour, cornmeal, salt (not the coarse salt), and red pepper flakes. Turn the machine onto low and pour in flour mixture. Blend just until the dough comes together. By hand- mix flour, cornmeal, salt and pepper flakes in a large bowl. Mix oil and water in a separate medium bowl. Make a well in the flour mixture and pour oil/water into the center. Mix with a wooden spoon until just combined, as with muffins. (This may require some hand-kneading to combine thoroughly) On a lightly floured surface, pat dough into a flat rectangle. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30-60 minutes. Preheat oven to 500F. If using baking stone (preferred method) place stone in oven about 45 minutes before baking to heat. Place the rack in the center of the oven. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment. Remove from refrigerator and dough into 2 equal pieces. On a lightly floured surface roll dough into a 16x12 inch rectangle. (If dough "resists and retracts" let is rest and work with the other piece of dough) Transfer your rectangles to your baking sheet by lightly rolling them around your rolling pin then spreading them on the baking sheets. Poke each rectangle all over with a fork. If you would like consistent shapes, score lightly with a sharp knife. Mist with water and sprinkle with the course salt. Bake for about 10 minutes until dough is set- one sheet at a time. Transfer on the paper onto a rack to cool. Let cool completely, then break into irregularly shaped crackers or break at score marks. Store into an airtight container for up to 3 days.