## Rye Almond Sandwich Loaf and Burger Buns

[3196cd1fd8](http://www.food.com/recipe/rye-almond-sandwich-loaf-and-burger-buns-513960)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 12 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 1 teaspoon of vital wheat gluten

 - 1 tablespoon of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 tablespoon of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

### Instructions

In a large bowl, add 1/2 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon raw sugar and yeast. Mix and let sit until frothy(10 minutes). In a bowl, mix the flours(rye, almond, bread, gluten) and salt. Add the flours to the yeast mixture. Add agave, oil, cocoa powder, rest of the water and knead 6-8 minutes in stand mixer or 8-10 minutes by hand. I used 1 Tablespoon cocoa. Use 1 more for a darker bread. If the dough is sticky, then add a little bread flour until the the dough is soft and almost not sticky. Place dough in well greased container. Cover with towel and let sit for 1 1/2 hours or until doubled. Punch dough down, use a tablespoon or so bread flour to help handle the dough and knead for a few seconds. Pull a bit on all sides and tuck under to get a taut top. Place the tucked side down on parchment lined or well greased bread pan. Or flatten the dough and roll like a jelly roll. Place with seam side down in the bread pan. Spray water liberally on top, then sprinkle some flour or oats on top. Or spray oil. Cover with towel and let rise for 40 minutes or until doubled. Bake at 365 degrees F for 35-40 minutes, or until a tap on the top sounds hollow. Cool completely before slicing. To make buns, divide dough into 6 or so equal size pieces. Roll into balls or shape by pulling on all sides and place on parchment lined sheet. Spray liberally with water. Sprinkle liberally with sesame seeds or other seeds of choice. Cover with a towel and let rise for 30 minutes. Bake in preheated 365 degrees F for 25-30 minutes until the tops are golden brown and sound hollow on a tap. Note: To get nice slices, cool the bread in the refrigerator for at least an hour before slicing. Also if possible use an electric knife. Variations:. Add a teaspoon of caraway seeds. Add 1-2 Tablespoons non dairy yogurt. Replace 1/2 cup water with 1/2 cup almond milk(half the amount of liquid).