## Crunchy Bottom Butter Rice

[323464d638](http://www.food.com/recipe/crunchy-bottom-butter-rice-424360)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 1/4-1/2 cup of butter, without salt

 - 3 quart of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

### Instructions

Preparation: Boil several quarts of water in large pot, no need to measure. When water comes to a boil add rice and cook until half done (think al dente for pasta) stiring occasionally. This usually takes about 10-15 minutes, depending on type of rice. Place strainer in sink and pour in half cooked rice. Run cool water over rice until completely cooled. Place butter in a pot with a lid. Melt butter over medium heat. Pour cold rice over butter. With the end of a wooden spoon (or something like that) make 6-8 holes in the rice all the way to the bottom of the pot (this will help rice steam evenly). Place lid on pot and let cook without peeking for 15 minutes. Check for browning at bottom edge of pan. If rice is not ready cook for another 10-15 minutes. If bottom of rice is lightly browned and rice is cooked turn rice out into a serving bowl and stir gently. If rice is brown but not completely cooked turn heat down to low and cook for another 5-10 minutes. If rice is cooked but not brown turn heat up to medium high and cook until bottom is browned. This step can be difficult to master but the result is crunchy buttery goodness worth practicing for!