## Peanut Butter N' Honey Crunchies for Pups

[32a4db23c2](http://www.food.com/recipe/peanut-butter-n-honey-crunchies-for-pups-226096)

### Ingredients

 - 14 cup of honey

 - 1 cup of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 13 cup of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 1 cup of oats

 - 1 cup of oat bran, raw

 - 3-4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 F (180 C). In a small dutch oven or large saucepan, combine honey, peanut butter (try to find a brand that has no added suger, salt or other ingredients; ideally it should only contain peanuts), chicken broth, and peanut oil. Heat, stirring often, until mixture begins to simmer. Remove from heat. Stir in rolled oats and oat bran and let cool until lukewarm -- or cool enough to work with. Gradually blend in oat flour, adding enough to form a stiff dough. Transfer to a floured (oat flour or rye flour) surface and knead until smooth (about 3-5 minutes). Shape the dough into a ball, and roll to 1/4-inch (6 mm) thick. Use a mini-cookie cutter or cut into small squares. Transfer to ungreased baking sheets, spacing them about 1/4 inch (6 mm) apart. Gather up the scraps, roll out again, and. cut additional biscuits. If the dough becomes too crumbly to work with after a few rollings,sprinkle with a little water to bind it together and knead it for 30 seconds or so. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove from oven and turn over. Bake for an additional 30 minutes, or until golden brown on both sides. After you finish baking all batches of biscuits, turn off the oven, spread all the biscuits in one baking pan and set them in the oven to cool for a few hours or overnight. The extra time in the oven as it cools off helps make the treats crispier. These make a more delicate crunchy biscuit, so we use them more for special or training treats, not tartar control. Makes several dozen small treats that keep and freeze well.