## Shrimp Pad Thai

[33a288383e](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/shrimp-pad-thai-recipe.html)

### Ingredients

 - 3 tablespoon of lime juice, raw

 - 3 tablespoon of tamarinds, raw

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, paprika

 - 1/2 cup of cock brand, palm sugar, upc: 084909007285

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

To make Sauce 1: In a small saucepan, combine all the ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce slightly and set aside to cool. Reserve. 3 tablespoons fish sauce 1 tablespoon rice vinegar 1 tablespoon water 1 tablespoon sugar 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 teaspoons minced Thai green chiles 1 tablespoon minced cilantro leaves To make Sauce 2: In a small non-reactive bowl, combine all the ingredients and stir until well blended. Reserve. 4 ounces rice noodles, linguini size 1 quart cold water Oil, for deep-frying 2 ounces firm tofu, cut into 1/2-inch dice 2 tablespoons chopped roasted peanuts 1 tablespoon butter 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon milk plus salt, to taste 1 ounce peanut oil 1/2 teaspoon minced lemongrass 1 teaspoon minced green chiles 1 teaspoon chopped shallots 1 teaspoon minced ginger 1 kaffir lime leaf 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, plus sprigs for garnish 5 large shrimp, peeled, deveined 1/2 cup bean sprouts Julienne green onions 1 wedge lime Soak the rice noodles in cold water until softened. (This can be done several hours ahead of time.) Strain and reserve until needed. Heat oil in a medium sauepan. Deep-fry the diced tofu until crisp and golden. Drain in a paper towel and set aside to cool. Reserve. Add the peanuts and fry for 30 seconds. Remove and set aside with the tofu. In a small skillet, heat 1 tablespoon butter. Cook the scrambled egg and milk mixture to a medium consistency. Season with salt. Place in a plate and allow to cool. Chop coarsely and set aside until needed. In a wok, over high heat, add the peanut oil. When almost smoking, stir-fry the lemongrass, green chiles, shallots, ginger, kafir lime, cilantro, and shrimp for 1 minute or until shrimp change color. Add the softened noodles, half of the bean sprouts, fried tofu, scrambled eggs, Sauce 1 and Sauce 2. Continue to stir-fry until noodles have flattened and blended with the sauce. Transfer Pad Thai to serving plate. Top with the remaining bean sprouts, cilantro, green onions and chopped peanuts. Serve a wedge of lime on the side.