## Yummy Homemade Granola

[34fa3a8a81](http://www.food.com/recipe/yummy-homemade-granola-491051)

### Ingredients

 - 6 cup of oats

 - 1 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 1 cup of nuts, walnuts, english

 - 1 1/2 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1 cup of applesauce, canned, unsweetened, without added ascorbic acid (includes usda commodity)

 - 12 cup of honey

 - 2 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 12 cup of sugars, brown

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1 cup of raisins, seeded

 - 1 cup of cherries, sweet, raw

 - 1 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

### Instructions

In your biggest mixing bowl, mix together; oats, almonds, walnuts and coconut. In a small bowl mix together: 1/2 C honey, 1 C applesauce, 2 Tbsp vanilla, 1/2 C brown sugar, 1/2 tsp cinnamon, 2 Tbsp vegetable oil. Pour the applesauce mixture over the oat mixture and combine thoroughly. Use your hands (preferred) or a spoon and mix until thoroughly combined. Spread the mixture over two baking sheets and bake at 250 F for about 1 hour 20 minutes. If the baking sheet is light it will take about 1 hour 20 minutes, if its dark/non-stick it will take about 1 hour (these are {abouts} it will depend on your oven, you want the granola to have turned a lovely golden brown. It will get crispy after its removed from the oven and allowed to cool. stir the granola every 20 minutes. remove from the heat and allow to cool, this is when it will crisp up. add in dried fruit: cranberries, raisins, cherries, apples etc.... this recipe will yield 1 gallon sized storage bag.