## Double Vanilla Frozen Yogurt

[35243cf0e1](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/double-vanilla-frozen-yogurt/)

### Ingredients

 - 32 ounce of yogurt, greek, plain, nonfat

 - 12 ounce of milk, canned, condensed, sweetened

 - 3/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

Instructions: Whisk all ingredients together. Yep, that was hard, huh? Okay, so this makes a lot of frozen yogurt. Probably more than your ice cream maker can handle at one time. It was about twice the amount my Cuisinart could handle. So, I poured half of the prepared ingredients mixture into the ice cream maker and reserved the other half in the fridge until the first half was done. I didnt even have to refreeze the bowl, it had enough oomph to freeze it all. Snazzy, eh? I love Cuisinart. So, working quickly, spoon the frozen yogurt into a freezable container and store in the freezer until the next half of yogurt is done. Also, I suppose you could reserve the other half of the unfrozen liquid in the frig until you were ready for it. It took about 25-30 minutes for it to freeze in the ice cream maker. Once all your yogurt is frozen, resist the temptation to eat it all and freeze it for several hours to let it ripen and finish freezing. I just ended up leaving mine overnight. The next day it was utter frozen yogurt perfection. Its rich, its creamy, its tangy . . . like the kind of yummy that makes you question why you ever thought it wasnt as good as ice cream. Feel free to use this as a base for other flavor extracts or additions. I think it would be awesome with a cup of fruit added to emphasize that tanginess like peaches or berries or mangoes or chocolate.