## Raw Food - Cheesecake

[36ba236244](http://www.food.com/recipe/raw-food-cheesecake-511292)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of nuts, macadamia nuts, raw

 - 12 cup of dates, deglet noor

 - 14 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 3 cup of nuts, cashew nuts, raw

 - 34 cup of lemon juice, raw

 - 34 cup of honey

 - 34 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 14 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 cup of strawberries, raw

 - 12 cup of dates, deglet noor

### Instructions

Throw the macadamia nuts, salt and dates into your food processor. (Don't add the coconut!) Process nuts and dates until well processed but still airy. Next, get our your cheesecake pan (or just a basic glass brownie pan if you're like me and don't have fancy cookware) and sprinkle the coconut on the bottom as your very first layer. The point of doing this is to make it so it's easier to remove the cheesecake and the coconut stops the crust from sticking to the bottom of the pan. Then press the macadamia nuts and date mixture down into the pan to form the crust. Throw all cream-cheese filling ingredients into your high-speed blender and blend! Add as little water as necessary to facilitate blending. (Try to add as little water as possible.) Pour mixture on top of crust. Place the above in freezer for an hour or so (so that it will firm up). Meanwhile, throw your strawberries and dates in your high-speed blender. Blend until nice and smooth. Pour this mixture on top of the crust/cream cheese, which was just in the freezer for about an hour. Place the raw cheesecake recipe back in freezer. Freeze until this raw cheesecake recipe reaches the desired consistency (5 hours or so! ). Defrost this raw cheesecake recipe for about a half-hour before eating (or just slice from freezer and enjoy this delicious raw cheesecake)!