## Sweet Potato Drop Biscuits

[372f7ecce0](http://www.food.com/recipe/sweet-potato-drop-biscuits-442094)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 1/4-1/2 teaspoon of spices, pepper, red or cayenne

 - 6 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of sweet potato, raw, unprepared

 - 12 cup of yogurt, greek, plain, nonfat

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, brown

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 425Es. Sift dry ingredients together into food processor. Pulse to blend. Add cold butter and pulse several times, until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Turn mixture out into mixing bowl. Combine sweet potato, yogurt and sugar or agave nectar in processor and run for several seconds to blend thoroughly. Add sweet potato mixture to flour mixture and stir together briefly, just until all flour is incorporated and dough forms a ball. (Mixture may be sticky.) Do not overwork the dough. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a cookie scoopeither 1/2 or 1/4 cup capacityscoop uniform mounds onto sheets. You can get 5 large or 10 small biscuits onto each cookie sheet. Bake until biscuits are set and just start to brown: about 20 minutes for large and 15 minutes for the small size. These are best served hot (with butter if desired). They can be reheated on a baking sheet for 5 minutes at 400Es: good as new. * Use 2 small-to-medium sweet potatoes baked whole for 1 hour at 375Es and scooped out. I also made this w/ 1 giant sweet potato (1 1/4 cup): excellent! Very sticky batter, but biscuits were light, moist and nicely peppery. Makes about 12 medium or 24 small (bite size) biscuits.