## Pizza Dough From Scratch

[3753c66e73](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/368110-pizza-dough-from-scratch)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 cup of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

In a large bowl, combine water, yeast, and sugar and stir. Let sit until the mixture is foamy, roughly 5 min. Add 2 cups of four, 1/2 cup oil, and the salt to the yeast mixture. Mix by hand until all is mixed smooth. Keep adding flour along with herbs of choice. Garlic, thyme, basil, oregano, are all commonly used. Use only small handfuls of each. Mix the dough until it is slightly tacky and all ingredients are added in. Take the dough out of bowl and place onto a lightly floured surface and knead the dough until smooth but still tacky. Oil a large bowl with little oil and place dough in bowl making sure all surfaces are brushed with oil. Cover the bowl with a towel and set in a warm, draft-free place until it becomes almost twice it's original size. Should take from 1 hour to 1 1/2 hours. Divide dough in 2 equal portions and roll out or hand toss, your preference. Place on pizza sheets, I prefer the air bake pans. Add toppings and cheese, put a light layer of cheese over sauce but under other toppings to help hold pizza top together. Place in an oven set to 450F and cook around 20 minutes, more or less depending on preference and how done you like your pizza, enjoy!