## Vegan Chocolate Milk

[383ae12dd7](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/special-dietary-needs/vegan-chocolate-milk/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/2 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 13 cup of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 4 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

1. In a bowl add your almonds, vanilla, honey (or maple syrup), cocoa powder, sea salt, and boiling hot water. Mix together and cover tightly with a lid or plastic wrap. Allow it to sit on the counter for 4 hours. 2. Next, add your bowl of soaked almonds and flavored water to a high-powered blender or food processor. Puree on high until frothy, white, and creamy, about 2-3 minutes. 3. Pour the entire mixture into a large bowl and add the remaining cool filtered water (add more than the listed amount, depending on how sweet you want your chocolate milk to be). I suggest starting with the listed amount of water, finishing the recipe, and then tasting. If its too sweet for your liking, simply add another cup or so of filtered water at the end. Whisk and stir together, making sure to really break up the almond puree that was created while blending. Let it sit for 5-10 minutes. 4. While that is resting, get out another large bowl and add a fine mesh sieve. This will catch most of your almonds. For a smoother milk, you can line your sieve with cheesecloth. If you need some pictures to help you understand better, click on the related blog link. 5. Slowly pour or spoon your almond mixture through the sieve (and cheesecloth, if using) into your large bowl. When all the liquid has been added, press your almond meal with a spatula against the sieve, to get out even more liquid. I did this with a rubber spatula and just gently but firmly pressed over and over all around the almonds. Youll be surprised how much more liquid is in those babies! 6. When you feel youve adequately pressed, get out a clean/dry tea towel and dump your almond solids into it. Remove the cheesecloth (and discard) if you used one and wrap up the towel like a package. Over your bowl of milk, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze and twist your towel! Yep, even more liquid will come out! I had my husband do this part because hes way stronger than I am! Note: Do not discard those almond solids! Place them into an airtight container and store in the fridge or freezer to use later. How do you use them? Add to cooked oatmeal or make into oatmeal itself by pouring hot water or (gasp) almond milk over it! Sweeten as desired. You can also use it in your granola, puree into smoothies, or add a yummy nutty kick to your pancake or waffle batter with a few tablespoons added! 7. Finally, carefully pour your milk into a pitcher and store in the fridge for up to one week! Make sure you shake before using each time. Yum! Makes 6-7 cups.