## Basic Shortbread With Variations

[3998c8880f](http://www.food.com/recipe/basic-shortbread-with-variations-264974)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 12 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper. In a bowl, combine flour and salt. In a separate bowl, cream butter with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add sugar and continue beating until smooth. Stir in vanilla. Add flour and salt to mixture and stir until smooth. Divide dough into two flat disks roughly an inch thick and wrap in plastic. Chill for an hour. Preheat oven to 300F. On a slightly floured surface, roll out dough to desired thickness. Shape with lightly floured cookie cutters. Place on cookie sheets and refrigerate 20 more minutes. Bake for 20 minutes, or until cookies are firm without browning. Cool on a rack. Now for the Variations on the Theme:. White-Chocolate Dipped:. Roll out dough roughly 1/3 of an inch thick. Cut into rounds and place cookies onto prepared baking sheets. Refrigerate and bake as per above instructions. After cooling, melt 6 ounces of white chocolate in a double boiler. Dip cookies into white chocolate and return to rack. Let chocolate set before handling. Cranberry Clementine:. Prepare one batch of basic shortbead dough, omitting vanilla extract. Work 1/2 cup finely chopped dried cranberries and 2 tbs grated clementine zest into dough. Roll out dough 1/2 inch thick. Cut into desired shapes. Refrigerate and bake as per above instructions. Pecan Macadamia Bites:. Add 1/4 cup finely chopped pecans and 1/4 cup finely chopped macadamia nuts to dough. Scoop out tablespoons of dough and roll into balls. Flatten each ball between your palms into bite-sized disks about an inch across. Place on prepared cookie sheets, refrigerate and bake as per instructions above. After cooking, dust cookies with icing sugar through a fine wire strainer. Sugar Stars:. Roll out dough roughly 1/3 of an inch thick. Cut into stars and place cookies onto prepared baking sheets. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush tops of cookies with egg white and sprinkle each cookie with coarse white sugar. Refrigerate and bake as per above instructions. Enjoy!