## Frozen Peanut Butter Pie with Caramel Sauce

[3e3028cc2e](https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/frozen-peanut-butter-pie-carame-37571)

### Ingredients

 - 1/4 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1/2 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of syrups, corn, light

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 9 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 5 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 8 ounce of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 cup of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 1 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 2 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/2 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 10 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 1/2 cup of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

### Instructions

For sauce: Melt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add 1/2 cup whipping cream, both sugars, and corn syrup and bring to boil, stirring frequently. Reduce heat and simmer until slightly thickened, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Mix in vanilla extract. Cool. Note: Sauce can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. For crust: Spray 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish with nonstick vegetable oil spray. Finely grind chocolate wafer cookies in processor. Transfer cookie crumbs to bowl. Add 5 tablespoons melted butter and stir until moist crumbs form. Press crumb mixture onto bottom and up sides of prepared dish. Place crust in freezer. For Filling: Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl until smooth. Beat in peanut butter. Using electric mixer fitted with clean dry beaters, beat whipping cream and vanilla extract in medium bowl to stiff peaks. Fold cream into peanut butter mixture. Mound filling into chilled crust. Smooth top. Freeze overnight. For Glaze: Bring whipping cream to simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Add chopped semisweet chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Cool to lukewarm. Spoon glaze over filling. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts. Freeze until chocolate sets, about 30 minutes. Note: can be prepared 3 days ahead. Keep frozen. Let pie stand frozen 20 minutes at room temperature. Using warm knife, cut pie into wedges. Place pie on plates. Bring sauce to simmer, thinning with more cream if necessary. Spoon warm sauce around pie and serve.