## Cinnamon Roll Macarons

[3eb555a697](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/cinnamon-roll-macarons/)

### Ingredients

 - 4 ounce of nuts, almonds

 - 7 ounce of sugars, powdered

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 3 1/4 ounce of egg, white, raw, fresh

 - 1 ounce of sugars, granulated

 - 4 ounce of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 4 ounce of butter, without salt

 - 2 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 1/2 teaspoon of beans, snap, green, raw

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

For the shells: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats (double up sheets of paper if needed to fully cover the pan). Process almonds, powdered sugar and cinnamon in a food processor until blended into a fine powder. Sift mixture into a large mixing bowl and set aside. Combine egg whites and granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer, fitted with the whisk attachment. Whip egg whites and sugar until stiff peaks are reached. (My perfect time is 2 minutes on speed 4, then 2 minutes on speed 6 and then another 2-3 minutes on speed 8. When ready, they should stay put if you hold the bowl upside-down). Add the dry mixture into the egg whites. Using a spatula, smash dry ingredient into the egg whites, flattening the mixture (use about 5-10 quick strokes to release the air). Then fold mixture onto itself until it becomes shiny again (another 30-40 strokes). When you lift up the spatula, there should be solid, thick ribbons that run off (this whole process should take no more than about 50 strokes). Transfer the batter to a large piping bag (I like to use a #12 round icing tip, but its optional). Using circle guides or freehand, pipe 1 circles onto the prepared baking sheets, keeping them at least 1-2 apart to allow for spreading. Do this same method for the second baking sheet. Holding each end of the baking sheet, give it a good slam on the counter. Rotate the pan and give it another few slams to release any air bubbles that remain. Sprinkle the tops lightly with some cinnamon. Let the macarons sit out for 30 minutes to an hour before baking to form a dry shell on the tops which will prevent cracking. After the first 30 minutes, preheat the oven to 325 F. Bake each sheet, one at a time, for about 12 minutes (depending on size), rotating the pan once halfway through. Once theyre ready, carefully test one by attempting to lift it off the baking sheet. If the top half starts to come off from the feet, it could use a few more minutes. When done, remove the sheet from the oven and place it on a cooling rack, allowing the cookies to cool before removing them from the sheet. Repeat baking the second sheet. Once they are cooled, match up macarons in pairs that are about the same size, one face down and one face up. For the cream cheese filling: In a large bowl beat the cream cheese and butter on medium speed for 2 minutes with an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the powdered sugar, 1/2 cup at a time until combined (carefully incorporate). Add vanilla, cinnamon and salt and continue to beat on medium for another 1-2 minutes. (Add up to 1/2 cup more sugar if too thin). Spread or pipe a layer of filling on the cookie side that has the bottom facing up. Then sandwich the halves together, pushing the filling to the edges. Notes: If using parchment paper (as opposed to a silicone mat) using small magnets help keep the paper flat, just be sure to remove the magnets before baking. Do not attempt to use low fat or reduced fat cream cheese for this filling, it will be too runny. Vanilla extract can be substituted for the vanilla bean paste. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days (or freeze them for up to one month). Then allow them to come to room temperature before eating. Macarons are best eaten 24-48 hours after assembly.