## Savory Shortbread Crackers

[3fd32405e1](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/appetizers-and-snacks/savory-shortbread-crackers/)

### Ingredients

 - 3/4 cup of nuts, pecans

 - 3/4 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

 - 1 cup of butter, salted

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, pepper, red or cayenne

 - 2 cup of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

### Instructions

Note: The listed prep time is simply for preparing the dough. The dough then needs to be refrigerated for 2-24 hours before slicing. Toast the nuts on a dry pan in a 350 F oven for 10-15 minutes until aromatic and flavorful. While the nuts are toasting, coarsely chop then cover the Craisins with boiling water in a small bowl. Let them soak/soften for 10-15 minutes. Drain, pat dry and allow Craisins and nuts to cool while proceeding with next steps. In a medium sized bowl, beat butter, salt, black and red pepper until fluffy. Add cheese(s) and mix until all is creamed together. Add flour a little at a time and mix until combined. With mixer on low, or with a wooden spoon, gently stir in the nuts and Craisins. Divide dough in half and roll each half into a log about 2 inches in diameter. Wrap each log in cellophane and refrigerate at least 2 hours. Chilling for 24 hours is better, but youre just looking for the dough to be firm enough to cut. Remove plastic wrap and slice logs into 1/4 inch rounds. Place rounds about an inch apart on a parchment lined baking sheet and bake at 350 F for 12-14 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from pan and allow to rest on cooling racks until room temperature. Store in an airtight container for up to a month. Good luck keeping them around for very long. They disappear quickly! The baby shower I was attending had lots of sweets planned, so I wanted to bring something savory. Shortbread cookies are a favorite of ours, so removing the sugar and adding crunchy nuts, sweet/tart Craisins and pungent sharp cheese really fit the bill. These were a huge hit and the only complaint was that people couldnt stay out of them!