## Nut Free Granola (With Seeds)

[4136743c20](http://www.food.com/recipe/nut-free-granola-with-seeds-504465)

### Ingredients

 - 3 cup of cereals, oats, regular and quick, unenriched, cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving), without salt

 - 12 cup of oats

 - 12 cup of seeds, pumpkin and squash seeds, whole, roasted, without salt

 - 12 cup of seeds, sunflower seed kernels, dried

 - 12 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

 - 2 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 34 cup of honey

 - 14 cup of seeds, flaxseed

 - 3 tablespoon of seeds, flaxseed

 - 6 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Preheat over to 275 degrees. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Place cereal, oats, seeds, dried fruit and flour into a large bowl and toss together. Meanwhile, warm the honey up to make it runny by placing the container in hot water for a few minutes. In a separate container combine the flax seed and water and mix until they make a gloopy paste similar to the texture of beaten egg whites. If you don't have ground flax seeds you can blitz whole seeds with water in a blender or food processor to achieve the same effect. Once the honey is fluid pour it over the cereal along with the oil and flax mixture and stir to combine. Using your hand is the easiest way. It's messy but it ensures you don't crush the cereal too much. Crumble the mixture in even layers on the baking sheets and place in the warm over until toasty and brown, which usually takes no more than 10 minutes. You can usually tell it's done when you can smell toasted nuts and grains. Keep an eye on it because it can easily burn. Remove and let cool on the sheets, then transfer to storage containers.