## Honey Oatmeal Sandwich Bread

[4408a44cde](http://www.food.com/recipe/honey-oatmeal-sandwich-bread-426596)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 cup of oats

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 cup of honey

 - 1 2/3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 14 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 2 teaspoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 tablespoon of oats

### Instructions

Combine boiling water, oats, butter, salt, and honey in a medium bowl. Let stand at room temperature until lukewarm. Transfer to work bowl of a stand mixer with dough hook attachment. Add remaining ingredients. Turn on lowest speed until it begins to form a shaggy mass, then increase speed to medium or medium-high. Knead until smooth and springy when poked; it may still be slightly tacky. Transfer to a lightly oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let stand in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 hour. Lightly grease a 9x5 loaf pan. Grease your hands and turn the dough out onto a floured work surface. Deflate and gently pat into a 9x5" rectangle. Roll, starting from the short end, into a neat log. Do not taper the ends. Pinch the seam to seal, then place into prepared loaf pan, seam side down. Cover LOOSELY with lightly-greased plastic wrap, then let stand in a warm place until dough stands 1-1 1/2" above rim of pan, 60-90 minutes. About 20 minutes before dough is ready, preheat oven to 350F When hot, remove plastic and place pan in oven. Bake 45 minutes; tent with foil after 20 minutes to prevent over-browning. Bread will be golden brown and read 190F on an instant-read thermometer when done. Remove from oven and let stand 1 minute, then remove from pan and place on a rack. Brush with melted butter, sprinkle with oats, and let cool to room temperature before slicing and eating.