## Buttermilk Pancake and Waffle Mix

[445ca62604](http://www.delish.com/recipefinder/buttermilk-pancake-waffle-mix-recipe)

### Ingredients

 - 3 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 4 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

Place the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl and stir, using a whisk, to thoroughly combine. Transfer to a clean, dry canister fitted with an airtight lid. Store for up to 3 months. For pancakes: Heat a griddle over high heat. Place 1 cup mix in a medium mixing bowl. Beat 1 egg, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1/2 cup milk, and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla together and stir into the dry mix until just combined. Let the mixture rest for 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low. Lightly brush the griddle with canola oil or butter. Pour 1/3 cup batter for each pancake, leaving 2 inches between each one. Cook until bubbles form on the pancake surface and the underside is golden, about 5 minutes. Flip pancakes and cook until golden, about 2 more minutes.Makes six 4-inch pancakes.Nutrition per pancake: PROTEIN: 4 g; FAT: 4 g; CARBOHYDRATE: 18 g; FIBER: 0; SODIUM: 310 mg; CHOLESTEROL: 45 mg; CALORIES: 130. For waffles: Heat a waffle iron according to manufacturer's instructions. Place 1 cup mix in a medium mixing bowl. Beat 1 egg, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 3/4 cup buttermilk, and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla together and stir into dry mix until just combined. Lightly oil the iron plates, add batter (waffle iron capacities vary), and cook until waffles are golden brown and crisp, about 5 minutes.Makes four 5-inch square waffles.Nutrition per waffle: PROTEIN: 6 g; FAT: 5 g; CARBOHYDRATE: 27 g; FIBER: 0; SODIUM: 460 mg; CHOLESTEROL: 60 mg; CALORIES: 170.