## Angel Food Cake

[45eec3a52d](http://www.food.com/recipe/angel-food-cake-126292)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of egg, white, raw, fresh

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 14 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 12 cup of syrups, corn, light

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, cake, enriched

 - 14 cup of cornstarch

 - 34 cup of sugars, granulated

### Instructions

Note: For those not use to making angel food cakes *Don't* get any yoke in the whites, if you do throw out and start over. I always separate the egg in a glass first. Then if no yoke pour into measuring container. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place egg whites in a large mixing bowl; let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Add cream of tartar and vanilla extract. Beat at high speed with an electric mixer until soft peaks form. Gradually add 1/4 cup SPLENDA Sugar Blend for Baking and light corn syrup. Sift flour and cornstarch 2 times into another large mixing bowl. Add 3/4 cup SPLENDA Sugar Blend for Baking to flour mixture, stirring until blended. Sprinkle 1/4 of the flour mixture over the egg whites. Fold gently. Repeat procedure three times with the remaining flour mixture. Pour batter into an ungreased 10-inch tube pan, spreading batter evenly in pan. Cut through batter with a knife to remove air bubbles. Bake on lowest rack in oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Invert tube pan; cool cake in the pan for 30 to 40 minutes. Loosen cake from sides of pan using a narrow metal spatula; remove cake from pan.