## Carl Andersen's Ris Alamande, Danish Christmas Dessert

[47b4c0e829](http://www.food.com/recipe/carl-andersens-ris-alamande-danish-christmas-dessert-403225)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 cup of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 14 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 12 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 2 ounce of nuts, almonds

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 cup of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

### Instructions

Butter a 1 1/2 quart covered casserole dish. Place the milk, light cream, 1/4 cup sugar, pinch salt, and rice into the buttered casserole dish, cover, and bake in a 300 F oven for one hour. Remove the cover, stir the dish, and bake for a further one hour at 300F. Remove the dish from the oven, discard the milk skim which has formed on the top, Add as soon as possible the almond paste which has been processed until smooth in your food processor. Add the vanilla extract and mix thoroughly. Cover the dish tightly with plastic wrap to prevent formation of another milk skim and refrigerate until quite cold. Whip the heavy cream until stiff, adding the 2 Tbs sugar as you whip. Whip until you dare not whip it any further or it will turn into butter. Fold the whipped cream into the chilled rice mixture and place in a glass bowl that is large enough to hold. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until serving time.