## Crumpets

[481123a226](http://www.food.com/recipe/crumpets-482758)

### Ingredients

 - 8 ounce of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, powdered

 - 12 pint of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 fl. oz of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Heat the milk and water together in a small saucepan till they are 'hand hot'. Then pour into a jug, stir in the sugar and dried yeast and leave it in a warm place for 10-15 minutes till there is a good frothy head on it. Meanwhile, sift the flour and salt into a mixing bowl and make a well in the centre. When the yeast mixture is frothy, pour it all into the mixing bowl. Slowly work the flour into the liquid with a wooden spoon. Beat well at the end to make a perfectly smooth batter. Cover the mixing bowl with a tea-towel and leave to stand in a warm place for about 45 minutes - by which time, the batter will have become light and frothy. When you're ready to cook, grease the insides of the cooking rings very well and add a little oil to your frying pan before placing it over a medium heat. When the pan is hot, arrange the rings in the frying pan and spoon 1 tablespoon of the batter into each ring. Let them cook for 4 or 5 minutes: first tiny bubbles will appear on the surface and then, suddenly, they will burst, leaving the traditional holes. Now take a large spoon and fork, lift off the rings and turn the crumpets over. Cook on the second side for about 1 minute only. Re-grease and reheat the rings and pan before cooking the next batch. Serve the crumpets while still warm, generously buttered and topped with anything that takes your fancy. Strawberry jam or lemon curd are particularly good. If you are making your teatime treat in advance, then reheat them by toasting lightly on both sides before serving. (Bought crumpets need toasting on the highest setting of your toaster to give you a similar result).