## Candied Ginger

[489a8f7624](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/candied-ginger-379674)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 pound of spices, ginger, ground

 - 3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 3 cup of spices, ginger, ground

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of syrups, corn, light

### Instructions

Peel the fresh ginger and slice it as thinly as possible, cutting crosswise against the fibers. Put the ginger slices in a large saucepan, add water to cover, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Decrease the heat to medium-low and simmer for 3 minutes. Drain the ginger and repeat this step twice more. You will have blanched the ginger slices a total of 3 times. After the third draining, return the ginger to the saucepan and attach a candy thermometer to the side. Add the 3 cups (750 ml) water, 3 cups (600 g) sugar, salt, and corn syrup, if using, and cook until the liquid reaches 225F (110C). Remove from the heat and let the ginger rest in the syrup for 1 hour. Place the ginger slices in a strainer and stir a few times to make sure as much syrup drips off as possible. (If you wish, save the syrup for another use, such as for sweetening lemonade or mixing with sparkling water and fresh lime juice.) Spread the ginger slices out on a wire rack set over a baking sheet and allow to dry for 2 to 3 hours. Spread the remaining 1 cup (200 g) sugar on a baking sheet. Place the ginger slices in the sugar and toss with your fingers to separate the pieces and coat them well with sugar. Lift out the slices and shake off the excess sugar with your hands or place them in a colander and shake well. Set the sugar-coated ginger slices on the wire rack and let dry overnight at room temperature. The candied ginger will keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months. The ginger can also be left in its syrup, without draining and tossing in sugar, and kept for a similar length of time in the refrigerator. In the candying process, ginger slices or citrus peels are cooked in a thick sugar syrup to preserve them. But, over time, the sugar has a tendency to recrystallize, causing the ginger or citrus peel to dry out a bit. Adding a bit of corn syrup inhibits this recrystallization. (Most other liquid sweeteners, like honey and maple syrup, dont behave the same way, so theyre not interchangeable for corn syrup.) Ive made the corn syrup optional, so you can decide whether to use it.