## Dark Chocolate & Cranberry Scones

[49509258a2](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/dark-chocolate-cranberry-scones/)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

 - 1/2 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 2 tablespoon of beverages, ovaltine, classic malt powder

 - 8 ounce of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, brown

 - 2 ounce of butter, without salt

 - 10 tablespoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

### Instructions

In a bowl add the dried cranberries and dark chocolate chunks. Pour the malt whiskey over the top, stir and cover with cling film. Set aside for about 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 220 C. In a bowl add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and sugar. Cut the butter into small cubes and add it into the flour mixture. Lightly rub together with your fingertips, ever so gently. When the mixture resembles crumbs add the milk and the reserved dark chocolate and cranberry mixture. Mix with the flat side of a knife until just combined. Turn the dough out onto a flat surface and gently flatten with your fingers until its about an inch thick. Cut the scones into your preferred size and place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Brush the tops with a little milk and bake for 12 minutes.