## Peach Berry Cobbler

[4a5d1928e1](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/peach-berry-cobbler/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1/2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1/4 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1 tablespoon of cornstarch

 - 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 3 cup of peaches, yellow, raw

 - 1 cup of blueberries, raw

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a medium bowl, stir together flour, 1/2 cup white sugar, and baking powder. Mix in milk and 1/4 cup butter until smooth. In a medium saucepan, stir together the brown sugar, cornstarch, and water. Mix in the peaches and blueberries. Cook and stir over medium heat until thick and bubbly. Mix in 1 tablespoon butter and lemon juice. Continue cooking until the butter melts. Pour into a 1 1/2 quart ungreased baking dish. Evenly spoon batter in mounds over the hot fruit. In a small bowl, mix the coarse sugar and nutmeg, and sprinkle over the batter. Place the baking dish on a shallow baking pan in the preheated oven. Bake cobbler for about 35 minutes, or until bubbly and a toothpick inserted into the crust comes out clean.