## Big Pizza Dough Recipe

[4ab85671e0](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/big-pizza-dough-84429)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/4 ounce of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 4 teaspoon of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

### Instructions

VEGAN This homemade, half whole wheat dough is quick and easy to make, requires only one rising, and makes sufficient dough for two round or possibly one big rectangular pans. A word of warning: Don't knead pizza dough after first rising. This will make it hard to roll out. If you forget and knead, let dough relax, covered, 20 min. Put water in large bowl. Sprinkle in yeast, let soften and whisk to dissolve. Add in salt; stir. Add in flours all at once. Stir to mix with sturdy wooden or possibly stainless steel spoon till flour is incorporated and dough forms ball. Turn out on lightly floured board and knead 5 to 8 min, or possibly till dough is elastic and not sticky, but still soft. Wash and dry bowl; oil lightly. Return dough to bowl. Cover with clean damp towel. Let rise in hot place (85 degrees) till doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Turn out dough on lightly floured board. For two pizzas, divide dough in half with knife or possibly dough cutter. Roll into 14- inch circles. Ease into lightly oiled 14-inch round pizza pans which have each been sprinkled lightly with 2 tsp. cornmeal. Or possibly, roll out entire dough to fit 1 cookie sheet which has been lightly oiled and dusted with 4 tsp. cornmeal. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Top pizza as desired with sauce and toppings. Bake about 15 min, or possibly till dough is completely baked and toppings are cooked through. Makes 2 thin 14-inch round crusts, 1 10-by 15-inch rectangular crust or possibly the top and bottom crusts for a 12-inch stuffed pizza.