## Chewy Little Walnut-Raisin Whole Wheat Rolls

[4b273413cf](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/169074-chewy-little-walnut-raisin-whole-wheat-rolls)

### Ingredients

 - 160 g of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 120 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 20 g of sugars, granulated

 - 4 g of salt, table

 - 3 g of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 180 ml of water, bottled, generic

 - 30 g of raisins, seeded

 - 30 g of cranberries, dried, sweetened

 - 30 g of nuts, walnuts, english

### Instructions

Plump up the raisins in boiling water, drain and pat dry with paper towels. If the raisins are coated with oil, wash it off. Put all the ingredients except the ones marked in the bread machine, and start the dough-only program! Since there are a lot of dried fruits, add them to the dough when the 'mix-in' signal sounds (with about 45 minutes left in the program). When the 1st rising is done, test the dough with your finger. The finger test: press a moistened finger into the dough and pull it out slowly. If the hole made with the finger remains it's good! If the hole fills back in, it has to rise some more. Take the dough out onto a floured work surface, divide into 12 pieces (45-50 g each) and round off each piece. Cover with a tightly wrung out moistened kitchen towel, and rest for 10 minutes. Dust the dough lightly, turn over, deflate and round off with a smooth surface on top. Line up on a baking sheet in pairs, each pair of rolls touching each other. Cover with a tightly wrung out moistened kitchen towel, and leave to rise (2nd rising) at around 30C for 40 to 50 minutes (at room temperature if in the summer). If a moistened finger gently pressed in the dough leaves a mark, it's done rising. Mist with water, (optionally dust with bread flour) and preheat the oven to 200C. Lower the temperature to 180C and bake for 10 to 12 minutes - done! They look like this inside. I used this "Super Fine Hard" whole wheat flour. This version has 50% whole wheat flour (140 g finely ground) + 140 g bread flour. This really has the flavor of whole wheat, and the more you chew the better it tastes. This version has 64% whole wheat flour (160g superfine whole wheat + 20 g graham flour) + 100 g domestic bread flour. This version is very light! For the version in Step 11: Try baking six rolls stuck together, or slashing the tops. If you use domestic bread flour, use 170 ml of water. This version has 82% whole wheat flour (210 g superfine whole wheat flour + 20 g graham flour) + 50 g bread flour 30 g each of walnuts and raisins = densely textured and delicious.