## Pecan Lace Sandwich Cookies With Orange Buttercream

[4ec246c845](http://www.food.com/recipe/pecan-lace-sandwich-cookies-with-orange-buttercream-212567)

### Ingredients

 - 14 cup of butter, without salt

 - 13 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of syrups, corn, light

 - 13 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of nuts, pecans

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 14 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 tablespoon of orange juice, raw

 - 34 teaspoon of orange juice, raw

### Instructions

For cookies:. Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350F Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Stir butter, sugar, and corn syrup in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until melted and smooth. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in flour. Add nuts and vanilla; stir to combine. Drop dough by teaspoonfuls onto prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake cookies, 1 sheet at a time, until bubbling and lightly browned, about 11 minutes. Cool on sheets 10 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely. For filling:. Whisk all ingredients in medium bowl until smooth. Spread 1 teaspoon filling onto bottom of 1 cookie. Top with second cookie, bottom side down, pressing lightly to adhere. Repeat with remaining cookies. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Store between sheets of waxed paper in airtight container at room temperature.) ***Cook time does not include cooling time of 10 minutes.