## Sunchine Apricot Preserves

[514fe2f610](http://www.food.com/recipe/sunchine-apricot-preserves-383324)

### Ingredients

 - 2 pound of apricots, dried, sulfured, uncooked

 - 2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of lemon juice, raw

### Instructions

Wash apricots and cut fruit into halves or quarters, discard pits. Measure 4 cups of the fruit and combine with the sugar and lemon juice in a 4 or 5 quart saucepan; stir gently to mix. Cover and let stand at room temperature to 1 hour. Over medium heat, bring mixture to boiling, stirring constantly. Turn heat to high and boil vigorously, uncovered for 4 minutes without stirring. Remove from heat and let cool, uncovered for 30 minutes. Pour mixture into shallow glass or metal baking pans, roasting pans made of foil or rigid plastic trays so that the syrup around the fruit is at least 1/2 inch deep but no deeper that 3/4 inch. Cover with clear plastic film or a sheet of glass, leaving a 1-inch wide opening along one side. Place pan in direct sunlight. Gently stir mixture and turn fruit pieces over every hour. Remove preserves from sun when fruit is plump and syrup is thickened to about the consistency of corn syrup; the preserves thicken slightly more as they cool. It will take bout 2 to 10 hours, or more, depending on the heat of the sun. You may need to bring the preserves in at night and then return to the sun the following day. Serve at once or store as directed below. Refrigerated: Preserves will last about 4 weeks. Freeze: Pack into freezer containers to within 1 inch of ttop, seal and freeze. Can: Fill half-pint jars. Seal and process in water bath for 10 minutes. Variations:. PEACH OR NECTARINE: Cut peaches or nectarines into 1/2 inch thick slices; discard pits. Increase lemon juice to 1/4 cup. BERRIES: Use whole berrie and foloow the Apricot recipe.