## Zesty Potato and Pepper Hash

[525ca5ced7](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breakfastbrunch/zesty-potato-and-pepper-hash/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of potatoes, raw, skin

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 teaspoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 pound of spices, pepper, black

 - 13 cup of onions, raw

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, paprika

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, pepper, red or cayenne

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

Clean potatoes and place them into a pot of water and boil until theyre just fork-tender. If the skins are cracking or the potato is beginning to fall apart, theyve been overcooked. The time this takes will vary on the size of your potatoes. Mine took approximately 15 minutes. Once fork-tender, drain and set aside and allow to cool to the point that they can be handled for cutting. While potatoes are cooking, wash sweet frying peppers and cut them into 1/2-inch thick rings. To remove the seeds, place them under running water and press the seeds out with a finger or a thumb. Over medium-low heat, add olive oil to a large frying pan and cook the onions and peppers until they begin to soften, about 10 minutes. While peppers and onions are softening, slice yellow potatoes about 1/8-inch thick. Once the peppers have softened, add granulated garlic, paprika, cayenne and salt to the pan. Stir to combine and cook for 1 minute. Turn heat up to medium-high and add remaining olive oil to the pan. Once hot, fold in potatoes. Saute until the potatoes are heated through and browning a little. Serve immediately. Note: Use less or more cayenne to taste. 1/8 teaspoon creates a medium heat.