## 3 Kicked Up Schmeers

[53342b0c73](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/emeril-lagasse/3-kicked-up-schmeers-recipe.html)

### Ingredients

 - 12 ounce of cheese, goat, soft type

 - 1/2 cup of tomatoes, sun-dried

 - 1/4 cup of olives, ripe, canned (small-extra large)

 - 1/2 cup of nuts, pine nuts, dried

 - 2 tablespoon of onions, raw

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, basil, dried

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, thyme, dried

 - 1 teaspoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 8 ounce of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 1 tablespoon of cream, sour, cultured

 - 1 teaspoon of lemon juice, raw

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 1 pinch of spices, pepper, red or cayenne

 - 2 tablespoon of chives, raw

 - 2 ounce of fish, salmon, atlantic, wild, raw

 - 8 ounce of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of cream, sour, cultured

 - 2 teaspoon of orange juice, raw

 - 1/2 cup of strawberries, raw

### Instructions

In a bowl, cream the goat cheese with a rubber spatula. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well to combine. Adjust seasoning, to taste, and serve with warm bagels. In a bowl, cream together the cream cheese, sour cream, lemon juice, salt, and cayenne with a rubber spatula. Fold in the chives and mix well. Fold in the salmon and mix well. Serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Yield: about 1 1/2 cups In a bowl, cream together the cream cheese, sugar, sour cream, and Grand Marnier until smooth. Fold in the strawberries. Serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Yield: about 1 1/2 cups