## White Chocolate Bread

[554313b78f](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/white-chocolate-bread/)

### Ingredients

 - 4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 ounce of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1/2 tablespoon of vital wheat gluten

 - 2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

Mix the flour, yeast and gluten in a medium-sized bowl. Add the two cups of water and stir with a spoon until most of the flour is incorporated into a dough. Add the teaspoon of salt and continue stirring, using your hands to make sure nothing gets left behind. Dump the chocolate chips into the batter and try to get them into the dough. Clean and flour a working surface and your hands, and tip the dough onto it. The chocolate chips will keep falling out, but just push them back in. Knead for about ten minutes, and then leave the dough to rest in a warm place for twenty minutes. Returning to the dough, divide it into two pieces and knead each piece thoroughly until elastic I kneaded mine by hand for forty-five minutes each, but it may be fine to do it for less time if less time is what you have. Leave to rise for forty-five minutes. This is when you can wrap one loaf in clingfilm and transfer it to the fridge or freezer, to bake later according to necessity. Line a bread dish with parchment paper and drop the dough into it, in a rough loaf-shape. Bake in the oven at 230 degrees C (450 F) for twenty-five minutes. The chocolate chips at the edge of the dough will caramelize; the ones inside will go gooey. If you use your oven later the same day, the whole house will smell of hot white chocolate again. Leave to cool for about fifteen minutes before cutting into it.