## Lime Cornmeal Shortbread

[5685770718](http://www.food.com/recipe/lime-cornmeal-shortbread-320900)

### Ingredients

 - 34 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

 - 14 cup of cornstarch

 - 18 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of lime juice, raw

 - 34 cup of butter, without salt

 - 12 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

### Instructions

Position oven rack in the center of oven; preheat to 300; have a 9-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom at hand. Add the flour, cornmeal, cornstarch, and salt to the bowl of a food processor; pulse until blended. Add in the sugar and lime zest; process for a few seconds, until blended. Scatter the butter cubes over the flour mixture; pulse 6 or 7 times. Add in the vanilla extract; then process for 6 seconds, or until the crumbs are fine and powdery. Process for another 5 to 7 seconds, until the crumbs are clumpier and the dough holds together easily when pressed. Press the crumbs evenly and firmly into the tart pan. Press the back of the tines of a fork all over the edges of the pan, and sprinkle the shortbread with the coarse sugar. Bake for 45-50 minutes, until it is just barely colored around the edges; dont let it brown. Place the pan on a wire rack; cool for 15 minutes. Remove the rim of the pan, and cut the round into 16 wedges while it is still very warm. Transfer the triangles to the wire rack and cool completely.