## Deep-Dish Mixed Berry Pie

[57deaa0350](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/emeril-lagasse/deep-dish-mixed-berry-pie-recipe.html)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 2/3 cup of lard

 - 3 to 4 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 pint of raspberries, raw

 - 1 pint of blueberries, raw

 - 1 pint of blackberries, raw

 - 1 pint of strawberries, raw

 - 1 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 cup of cornstarch

 - 8 scoop of ice creams, vanilla

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a mixing bowl combine the flour and salt. Add the lard and work it in with your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Form the dough into 2 smooth balls. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes. In a saucepan combine the berries, water and sugar, over medium-high. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and cook for 10 minutes. In a small bowl combine the cornstarch with the remaining 1/4 cup of water. Stir until the cornstarch dissolves and the mixture is smooth. Stir the cornstarch mixture into the berry mixture. Bring the mixture back to a boil and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and place on a lightly floured surface. Roll out each dough into a circle about 12 inches in diameter and 1/8-inch thick. Fold one of the dough into fourths and carefully remove the dough from the surface. Unfold the dough into a 9-inch by 2-inch deep dish pie pan. Pour the berry filling into the pastry shell. Place the remaining circle of dough over the filling. Lightly press the pastry into the berry mixture. Using a small knife trim off any excess and crimp the edges. Place on a parchment lined baking sheet. Place in the oven and bake for about 45 minutes or until the crust is golden. Remove and cool for 20 minutes before slicing. Serve each slice with a scoop of ice cream.