## Lady Bird Johnson's Shrimp Squash Casserole

[58e5e05e8a](http://www.food.com/recipe/lady-bird-johnsons-shrimp-squash-casserole-487182)

### Ingredients

 - 3 cup of seeds, pumpkin and squash seeds, whole, roasted, without salt

 - 34 cup of crustaceans, shrimp, raw (not previously frozen)

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 2 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 1 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 12 cup of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 1 tablespoon of onions, raw

 - 12 cup of delallo, italian seasoned breadcrumbs, upc: 072368104621

 - 14 cup of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 400 degrees. The squash should be cut into 1/4" thick slices. Thoroughly rinse shrimp under cold water and drain. Heat 2 tablespoons of butter in a saucepan. Blend in flour, salt and pepper and cook until it bubbles. Remove the saucepan from the heat and add the chicken broth gradually, stirring constantly. Bring to a boil and then simmer for 2 minutes. Blend in the cream and the minced onions, then mix in raw shrimp. Cover and set aside. Layer half the squash in a greased 1 1/2 quart casserole dish. Spoon half the shrimp sauce over the squash. Repeat with remaining squash and shrimp sauce. Cover tightly and bake at 400 degrees for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the breadcrumbs and Parmesan cheese with the tablespoon of melted butter. After the squash has cooked for 30 minutes, top with the breadcrumb mixture. Reduce heat to 350 degrees and return the casserole to the oven for 15 minutes or until the crumb topping is golden brown.