## Crescia (Onion Flavoured Focaccia From Le Marche)

[598879bbba](https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/crescia-onion-flavoured-focacci-38756)

### Ingredients

 - 2 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 6 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 5 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 cup of onions, raw

 - 1 1/2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

Stir the yeast into a small bowl and let proof for 10 minutes. Stir in the rest of the water and oil. Whisk in 2 cups of the flour and stir until smooth. Add salt and the rest of the flour, 1 cup at a time. Knead for 8 to 10 minutes until soft and velvety. Place in a lightly oiled bowl, cover and let rise until doubled. While the dough is rising, prepare the topping. Warm the olive oil over low heat and saute the onions for about 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Cut the dough into 2 pieces, one twice as large as the other. Shape the smaller one to fit an oiled 10 inch round pie plate and the larger one to fit an oiled 10 1/2 X 10 1/2 inch baking sheet. Cover and let rise for 45 minutes until bubbles appear in the dough but it has not quite doubled. Heat the oven to 400F (200C) for 30 minutes before baking. Sprinkle the onions over the dough and drizzle with olive oil and finish with the salt. Bake for 25 minutes until the onions are golden. Cool on wire racks. VARIATION: Crescia al Rosmarino. Substitute 2 tablespoons finely chopped rosemary for the onions.