## Gingerbread Cream Biscuits

[59b0f20141](http://www.food.com/recipe/gingerbread-cream-biscuits-450752)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, cloves, ground

 - 4 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 4 tablespoon of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 1 tablespoon of molasses

 - 1 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 14 cup of jams and preserves, apricot

 - 12 cup of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 450. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and spices in a large bowl. Cut cold butter into small pieces and cut into flour until it is in small crumbs. Add shortening and cut it in well. In a small bowl, put 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons whipping cream and molasses. Mix well. Stir cream/molasses mixture into flour mixture and shape into a loose ball. Pour dough onto a floured board and shape into a think patty - about 1/2 inch thick. Cut dough into biscuits. Place biscuits on a lined baking sheet. Brush biscuits with remaining cream and sprinkle with coarse sugar or vanilla sugar. Bake for 10-12 minutes, until lightly browned and a toothpick in the center comes out clean. Cool biscuits slightly on a rack for a few minutes but serve while still warm. Serve split, with a dollop of jam in the middle and whipped cream on top.