## Chocolate Chip Scones

[5bf27adc15](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/chocolate-chip-scones-381763)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/2 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 3/4 to 1 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

### Instructions

Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine the flour, baking powder, salt, and 2 teaspoons sugar in a large bowl and stir well. Add the chocolate chips and toss to combine. Add 3/4 cup of the cream and stir well, using a large spatula or your hands. Add more cream, a teaspoon at a time, until a soft, manageable dough forms. You may not need to use the entire cup of cream. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured work surface. Knead the dough very briefly, about 30 seconds, just until it sticks together. There should be as little handling as possible. Gently form the dough into a ball and lightly dust it with a little flour. Sprinkle a little more flour on the work surface and using a floured rolling pin, roll out the dough into a 1-inch-thick round that is 8 to 9 inches in diameter. Cut the dough into desired shapes. Gather up the scraps, reroll them, and cut out more scones until the dough is used up. Pat the scones lightly to smooth the tops. Place the scones about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet. Using a small pastry brush, brush the tops of the scones with cream and sprinkle with the extra sugar. Bake the scones for 15 to 18 minutes, or until the tops spring back when pressed lightly and the bottoms are golden brown. Remove the scones from the oven and cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes. Transfer the scones to a wire rack to cool for at least 5 minutes before serving. Substitute chopped dried apricots or raisins for the chocolate chips.