## Mary's Biscuits

[5c6e47450e](http://www.food.com/recipe/marys-biscuits-13898)

### Ingredients

 - 4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 4 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/3 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

### Instructions

Combine dry ingredients in a large bowl. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender, until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Cover bowl& refrigerate for about 30 minutes (this step can be skipped, but it makes the dough easier to handle if it's cold). Make a well in the center of the mixture& add milk all at once. Stir just until dough clings together. Preheat oven to 450F degrees. On a lightly floured surface, knead dough gently 10-12 strokes (don't over-knead or handle dough too much, or it will become tough). Roll or pat dough to 1/2" thickness. Cut with a floured 2 1/2" biscuit cutter--cut straight down to the board, then twist& lift cutter--dipping cutter into flour after each cut. Transfer biscuits to an ungreased baking sheet. Place biscuits so they're almost touching, and press two fingers lightly into top of each biscuit. Bake 10-12 minutes or until golden. Remove to wire rack to cool completely. *Note:Placing biscuits close together on baking sheet helps them to rise, as they"climb" on each other. Also, pressing your fingers into the center of each biscuit keeps the middles from rising higher than the sides.