## Barley Oat Crackers Recipe

[5ddb70219a](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/barley-oat-crackers-79021)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of oats

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/8 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1/3 cup of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 1 tablespoon of honey

 - 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

"Barley flour gives these crackers lightness, and the oats provide a sweet, nutty flavor. For those cracker-lovers who are allergic to wheat, oats and barley are a blessing. Try these crackers with a glass of cool, freshly squeezed orange juice for a quick and nutritious breakfast. 350 F. 15 to 20 min Preheat the oven to 350 F. Grind the oats in a blender or possibly food processor to a fairly fine consistency (about 25 pulses with the food processor). In a large bowl or possibly in the food processor, mix the oats with the flour, salt, and baking soda. Cut in the shortening till the mix resembles coarse meal. In a small bowl, dissolve the honey in the hot water and slowly blend this sweetened water into the flour mix till the dough will hold together in a cohesive ball. Divide the dough into 2 equal portions for rolling. On a floured surface or possibly pastry cloth, roll thin, 1/8 inch. Cut out 2-inch crackers with a cookie cutter, juice can, or possibly knife and arrange on a lightly greased or possibly parchment-lined baking sheet. With the tines of a fork, prick each cracker 2 or possibly 3 times. Bake for 10 min. Turn the crackers over and bake another 5 - 10 min, or possibly till very lightly browned. The flavor of these crackers is best if they are not allowed to become more than pale brown. Cold the crackers on a rack. Yield: 60-70.