## Cherry Ripe Slice

[5e3552e6a5](http://www.food.com/recipe/cherry-ripe-slice-171988)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 13 cup of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 13 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 125 g of butter, without salt

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 2 cup of cherries, sweet, raw

 - 12 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 1 1/2 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 12 cup of milk, canned, condensed, sweetened

 - 60 g of butter, without salt

 - 50 g of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 150 g of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 25 g of butter, without salt

 - 2 tablespoon of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

### Instructions

preheat oven to 180C. grease a 18 x 27 cm shallow baking tin and line with baking paper leaving paper hang over long sides. sift flour, cocoa and sugar into bowl. add 125g butter and vanilla mix to form dough. gather together and turn onto a well floured surface press together for one minute then press into base of tin. chill for 20 minutes. cover with baking paper and baking beads or uncooked rice and bake for 10-15 min remove paper and beads and bake for 5 minutes cool. combine cherries,icing sugar, coconut stir in condensed milk, 60g butter and copha then spread over base. chill for 30 minutes. chop the chocolate and 25g butter into small pieces and melt (either in microwave or over boiling water in a saucepan)Add cream and stir. pour over cherry slice and smooth out on top chill until set. cut into pieces.