## Swedish Icebox Cookies

[5ff7009988](http://www.food.com/recipe/swedish-icebox-cookies-234898)

### Ingredients

 - 3 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, cloves, ground

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 12 pound of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 12 cup of molasses

 - 5 ounce of nuts, almonds

### Instructions

Sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, ginger, nutmeg, cloves, and cinnamon. Set aside. In large bowl of electric mixer, cream the butter. Gradually add the sugar and beat well. Add the molasses and beat, scraping the bowl with a spatula, until sooth. On lowest speed, gradually add the dry ingredients, continuing to use the spatula as necessary. Turn the dough onto a board. Knead slightly, only until smooth. Add the almonds and knead until they are evenly distributed. Divide dough in half and shape each half into an oblong. Place each half on a piece of wax paper about 15" long. Holding the paper against the dough, smooth each oblong into an even shape about 3" x 1", and about 10" long. Wrap in wax paper. Freeze the dough for 30-45 minutes, or refrigerate it overnight. Preheat oven to 325. Using a very sharp knife, slice cookies a scan 1/4" thick. Place on unbuttered cookie sheets about 1" apart. Bake 10 minutes, or until cookies become slightly colored and tops are semi-firm. Do not overbake -- these will crisp up as they cool.