## Sweet Potato Brown Rice Pudding

[6291e18520](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/sweet-potato-brown-rice-pudding/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 4 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 tablespoon of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 2 tablespoon of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, cloves, ground

 - 2 cup of sweet potato, raw, unprepared

### Instructions

Combine water, rice, and salt in a medium-sized, heavy-bottomed pot. Bring to a boil, stir once, and cover with a tight-fitting lid. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 40 minutes, or until most of the water is absorbed (rice will continue to cook in the milk mixture, so you want the rice slightly undercooked at this point). Remove rice from heat, place in a bowl, and set aside. Add milk, brown rice syrup, maple syrup, vanilla, and spices to the pot. Bring to a very low boil over medium heat, whisking often so the milk doesnt scorch. Lower heat to medium-low. Whisk in the cooked rice and sweet potato puree. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring frequently. If a skin forms, just stir it back into the pudding. Simmer until the milk cooks down and the rice is creamy, about 30 minutes. Note: it is especially important to tend to the pudding towards the end of the cooking time. Do not walk away from the stove, or your pudding will burn. Transfer rice pudding to a large bowl, and let cool. Pudding will continue to thicken as it cools. For best thickening results, refrigerate pudding until well-chilled. Serve warm or cold, with an extra dollop of sweet potato puree and a dusting of cinnamon if desired.