## Salted Boiling Water - What Does It Mean?

[6353612aa0](http://www.food.com/recipe/salted-boiling-water-what-does-it-mean-157688)

### Ingredients

 - 4 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 4 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

Measure water into a pan that has a tight fitting lid, cover and turn on high. When water begins to boil - add salt, cover and return lid giving just a moment or two to return to a full rolling boil. Proceed with whatever recipe you have that says cook in "boiling salted water". Adjust water amounts according to amount of your recipe yield, keeping the water/salt ratio of 1 tsp salt to 1 cup water. TIPS:. Placing a lid on pan will help water to boil faster. ALWAYS add salt AFTER the water is boiling to prevent "pitting" of your pans, which can ruin a pan forever. NOTE:. After reading my first review,. I do want to explain I am NOT in ANYWAY picking fun at new cooks, everyone starts somewhere. The humor I found in the recipe listing at another site is the reviews so many people wrote in reply to reading the recipe. 736 reviews! Almost 90% are written in a good cooks humor. When I was done reading all I could handle, my sides ached, my cheeks were wet with tears of insane laughter, and I had called long distance to 2 sisters, making them listen! At the risk of being hit by the large Zaar spoon, I will just say the other recipe site starts with an E. (Please note: that is the only recipe I suggest for reading there! And 'Zaar is the ONLY www. site that I have a paid membership!) :).