## Grilled Pizza Dough

[63b3ae74d5](http://www.food.com/recipe/grilled-pizza-dough-182309)

### Ingredients

 - 5 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 3 1/2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 3/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

In a large bowl of a stand mixer, stir together the flour, sugar, salt, yeast, 1 1/2 Tbs olive oil and the water with a big spoon until combined. Fit the mixer with the dough hook and mix on low speed for about 4 min, or until the dough forms a coarse ball and clears the sides and bottom of the bowl. Add more flour or water by the Tbs as needed. Let the dough rest for 15 min, then mix again on medium-low speed for an additional 2-4 min, or until the dough is smooth, supple and tacky, but not sticky. Immediately divide the dough into 6 equal pieces. Gently round each piece into a ball and brush or rub each ball with olive oil. Place each ball inside its own zippered freezer bad, and drizzle 1 tsp of olive oil over the ball in each bag. Seal the bags closed and let sit at room temperature for about 30 minute. Refrigerate the balls for at least 3 hours or preferably overnight. Remove the balls from the refrigerator 2 hours before you plan to roll them out to take the chill off and to relax the gluten. Any balls you do not use can be frozen for up to 3 months, or kept in the fridge for up to 3 days.