## Egg and Sugar-Free Biscuits in 1 Bag

[63f3fc5162](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/147131-egg-and-sugar-free-biscuits-in-1-bag)

### Ingredients

 - 30 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 30 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, canola

 - 1 tablespoon of syrup, maple, canadian

### Instructions

It's important to note that you should never knead or massage the dough throughout the steps. This is the key to crispy-crunchy biscuits. Put the cake flour, whole wheat flour, and the salt into a plastic bag (like the kind they keep in the fruit & vegetable aisles of supermarkets). Make sure the bag has some air inside. Hold it in your hands and shake to mix the ingredients together. Pour the oil into the center of the dry ingredients. Hold the bag to let some air in, and gently shake the contents again to blend the oil with the flour. Shake the bag until the dough becomes crumbly. Don't worry if there's still some oil stuck to the bag at this point. Press and break up any particularly large lumps of flour and oil, and rub the contents gently with your fingers from over the bag to remove any excess oil that's stuck to the surface of the platic bag. There's no need to pay too much attention to what you're doing; just keep at it for about 1 minute or so. Add the maple syrup, let some air into the bag, and shake to blend everything together. Try adding a little bit more maple syrup if the dough does't come together. Press and stretch the dough over the bag using the palm of your hands, and fold. Repeat for a few times until there are no more powdery lumps. Preheat the oven to 170C (or 338 F). Roll the dough out over the bag into about 4-5 mm thick. It's easier if you fold the bag into a square. Be careful because the dough is quite fragile. Cut with a cookie cutter, and align onto a baking tray lined with parchment paper. Bring together any leftover dough, roll it out, fold, roll out again, then cut out your biscuit shapes. Bake in the top rack of the preheated oven for 18-20 minutes. Once baked, take them out from the oven and let cool without removing from the pan. Note: I tried changing the maple syrup to honey. The dough became really sticky. They burned after baking for 16 minutes! A shame.