## Polenta With Mascarpone, Rosemary and Walnuts

[657a1d3dac](http://www.food.com/recipe/polenta-with-mascarpone-rosemary-and-walnuts-446628)

### Ingredients

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

 - 1 cup of il villaggio, mascarpone cheese, upc: 037982981300

 - 1 cup of nuts, walnuts, english

 - 3 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, rosemary, dried

 - 10 2/3 ounce of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 14 cup of cream, sour, cultured

 - 14 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

### Instructions

Pour 8 cups water into a heavy saucepan set over high heat. When the water comes to a boil, add the and lower heat to medium. Whisk in the cornmeal in a slow, steady stream. Make sure to whisk the cornmeal continuously to prevent lumps from forming. This will take about 2 minutes. Contiue whisking as the cornmeal comes back to a boil. Simmer, whisking contstantly, unitl the polenta starts to thicken about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat until the polenta is at very low simmer. Cover the pan and cook very slowly, stirring every 10 minutes or so, for 35 to 40 minutes. Homemade Mascarpone: Blend cream cheese, sour cream and heavy whipping cream together until smooth. While the polenta is cooking, divide the mascarpone among 4 large bowls. Place the walnuts in a skillet set over medium heat. Toast, shaking the pan occasionally, until the nuts are fragrant and lightly toasted, about 5 minutes. Transfer them to a small bowl. Add the oil and rosemary to the pan and saute until the rosemary is tender and has infused the oil, about 2 minutes. Stir in the walnuts and cook for 1 to 2 minutes just to coat them with the oil and rosemary. Cover and keep warm until the polenta is ready. Divide the polenta among the bowls cantaining the mascarpone. Spoon a little of the rosemary-walnut sauce over the portion and serve immediately.