## Double Chocolate Waffles

[6591824d5e](http://www.vegetariantimes.com/recipe/double-chocolate-waffles/)

### Ingredients

 - 1/4 cup of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1/4 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 2 tablespoon of soymilk, original and vanilla, unfortified

 - 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 113 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 23 cup of soymilk, original and vanilla, unfortified

 - 1/2 teaspoon of vinegar, cider

 - 5 tablespoon of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 3 tablespoon of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 13 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1/4 cup of oil, canola

 - 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 8 teaspoon of sugars, powdered

### Instructions

To make Chocolate Sauce: Whisk together cocoa powder, maple syrup, soymilk, and vanilla in saucepan over medium heat until smooth. Keep warm. To make Waffles: Preheat waffle iron. Whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt in medium bowl; set aside. Whisk together soymilk and vinegar in small bowl; let stand 10 minutes. Combine cocoa powder and chocolate in bowl. Whisk 1/4 cup boiling water into cocoa powder mixture until smooth. Whisk soymilk mixture into chocolate mixture. Whisk in brown sugar, oil, and vanilla. Whisk in flour mixture. Spray waffle iron with cooking spray. Spoon batter onto waffle iron. Close lid, and cook 3 minutes, or until waffle is crisp. Repeat with remaining batter. Drizzle each serving with 1 Tbs. Chocolate Sauce, dust with 1 tsp. confectioners sugar, and serve.