## Focaccia in a Bread Maker

[671ae30ceb](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/154673-focaccia-in-a-bread-maker)

### Ingredients

 - 200 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 40 g of wheat flour, white, cake, enriched

 - 1 tablespoon of margarine, regular, 80% fat, composite, stick, without salt

 - 1 tablespoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 tablespoon of honey

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 120 ml of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 tablespoon of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, rosemary, dried

 - 1 dash of spices, garlic powder

### Instructions

Put all the bread dough ingredients in a bread maker, and press start. Wait until the 1st rising has finished. Check the dough after 5 minutes, and if it's floury, add 1 ~ 2 tablespoons of water. If it's watery, add 1 - 2 tablespoons of flour. When the cycle is finished, press the air out from the dough. Divide into 4 - 6 portions, and roll into balls. Let rest for 15 minutes. Press the air out again, flatten the dough, and roll out with a rolling pin into 10 - 12 cm diameter circles. Place on a baking sheet and let them rise for the second time (2nd rising). (30 minutes in the oven with the bread-rising function is an estimate.) Preheat the oven to 190C. Make little dents at 2 cm intervals on the dough with your fingers (or with a 1 cm diameter stick). Brush with the olive oil, and sprinkle with grated cheese, minced rosemary, and garlic powder. Bake in the oven for 8 minutes and they're done. Let cool for 5 - 10 minutes, and enjoy. You can stretch out the dough in a baking sheet instead of making small individual breads. Cut into pieces at the end. (I doubled the ingredients in this photo). I used the same amount as in this recipe and made one huge bread.