## Bread

[6bda88d802](http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/2543)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

 - 1 cup of cereals, oats, regular and quick, unenriched, cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving), without salt

 - 1 cup of oats

 - 2 tablespoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1/2 cup of honey

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 6 to 8 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

### Instructions

Heat 4 cups water to boiling. Pour boiling water over cornmeal, wheat cereal and oatmeal. Cool. Add yeast to 1 cup warm water and proof. The yeast is proofed when small bubbles appear on the surface, in about 5 to 7 minutes. When water-grain mixture is cooled to about 100 degrees or so, add yeast mixture to it. then add honey, 1 cup water and salt. Stir well. Add whole wheat flour, 1/2 cup at a time, mixing well with spoon between additions. Add unbleached flour, 1 cup at a time, mixing with spoon. When dough becomes too stiff to mix with spoon, use hands. Use only enough unbleached flour to make a soft dough, which will still be sticky. Turn out on well-floured board and knead for 5 minutes. Dough will still be sticky. Place in well-greased bowl, cover with damp cloth and place in warm place to rise until doubled in bulk, or until a finger pressed into dough leaves imprint, about 1 hour. Punch down dough. Turn out on lightly floured board. Shape into 4 loaves and place in well-greased 9-by-5-inch loaf pans. Cover with wax paper and allow to rise in warm place until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Bake at 350 degrees for about 65 minutes, or until loaves test done. remove from pans and cool on wire racks. Freeze if desired.