## Almost Fat-Free Turkey Stroganoff, Medifast Friendly

[6df619bc9b](http://www.food.com/recipe/almost-fat-free-turkey-stroganoff-medifast-friendly-446772)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of ground turkey, raw

 - 2 teaspoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 8 ounce of mushrooms, white, raw

 - 4 ounce of fresh red onions, upc: 888670013229

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, thyme, dried

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 4 ounce of cream, sour, cultured

 - 14 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Clean and slice onion and mushrooms. Drizzle 1 teaspoons of the olive oil into a non-stick pan and cook the onions over medium heat for a few minutes until they begin to soften,. Drizzle the other half of the oil into the pan and add the mushrooms; cook on medium, turning and stirring frequently, for a few minutes until the mushrooms soften and begin to release their liquid. (Optional Step: While the onion and mushrooms are cooking, put dried thyme, garlic powder, and black pepper in a mortar and pestle and grind to a fine consistency. ). Remove onion and mushrooms from pan and set aside. Put ground turkey into the same pan, breaking apart the chunks into "ground meat" consistency. Cook, stirring frequently, until little or no pink shows. Return onion and mushrooms to pan, and add dried spices, cook on low heat, stirring often, until all the meat is done and the mushrooms and onions have released all their liquid and are beginning to caramelize. Adjust seasoning, if needed, and add water if the mixture is sticking to the pan too much. Continue cooking until the meat and vegetable mixture is no longer "wet. ". Using the spatula, loosen any stuck-on bits on the bottom of the pan, and add the sour cream, mixing well. Serve immediately over zucchini ribbons, spaghetti squash, or your choice of starch. On the MediFast plan, this meal would serve two. On a regular plan, it would serve 3-4.