## Soft 100% Whole Wheat Tortillas

[6e22019a33](http://www.food.com/recipe/soft-100-whole-wheat-tortillas-264458)

### Ingredients

 - 8 ounce of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of potatoes, raw, skin

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 23 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 14 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

### Instructions

Weigh flour and put in food processor. Add potato flour, salt and baking powder. Process to mix. Start processor, and add oil and most of the water while running. (It will not have formed a ball yet.) Stop the machine and check the consistency of the dough by pressing some dough between your fingers. Add additional water JUST until a SOFT dough forms. Do not 'knead' the dough yet. Let dough rest for 10-20 minutes in the processor. This step allows the whole wheat to absorb the water. Check consistency again. Add flour or water to adjust, briefly processing to mix. When all is right, let the processor knead the dough for 10-15 seconds. Let dough rest in the processor for 10-60 minutes. Preheat a regular large skillet to medium heat. While it is heating, divide dough into 8 pieces (more or less pieces, depending on how large you wish to make them). Cover the pieces until you roll them out. Have some flour ready to sprinkle on your rolling surface. Use enough flour to keep the dough from sticking, and roll gently. If your dough is soft, you shouldn't have to worry about adding so much flour that they get dry. Flip the tortilla a few times while rolling. Test the skillet. Water should skitter across it, but watch that it is not TOO hot! Tortillas taste best when they are only lightly brown in a few spots. Cradle the tortilla in your hands, palms up, and place the tortilla quickly on the skillet. Gently arrange the tortilla so that it is flat. Until you are experienced, you might not want to try rolling and cooking at the same time! After a minute or two, there should be some small air bubbles appearing. Peek on the underside. It should just be light brown in spots. With a large spatula, turn the tortilla. The second side takes less time than the first, so stick around. Take a clean dishcloth and press lightly all around the tortilla, encouraging the formation of air pockets that lighten the tortilla. Place the tortilla on a platter and cover with a paper towel and then plastic wrap. When the second tortilla is done, place it on top of the first and cover again. After this I start turning the stack -- flip the stack so the last tortilla done is on the bottom. This keeps them soft. When they are cooler, you can separate them and put in a plastic bag in the fridge.