## Berber Soft Bread Recipe

[6ff79ec555](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/berber-soft-bread-83551)

### Ingredients

 - 3 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 7 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

### Instructions

Mix flour and salt in processor. Add in 1 c. warm water and 4 Tbsp. oil; blend till ball forms. Remove dough from processor. Using oiled hands, divide dough into 3 equal pcs. Roll each piece on lightly floured surface into 9-inch round about 1/4-inch thick. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in medium (10-inch-diameter) nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add in 1 dough round to skillet; reduce heat to medium-low and cook till golden brown on bottom, about 5 min. Turn bread over; cook till golden brown on bottom and bread is cooked through, about 5 min. Transfer bread to plate. Tent with foil to keep hot. Repeat with remaining oil and dough. Break hot bread into pcs, drizzle with honey, and serve. This recipe yields three 9-inch rounds. Comments: Robert Colombi of Paris, France, writes: "My mother was Sicilian and my father, Corsican, but I was born in Morocco and lived there for many years. As I became older, I developed a stronger interest in cooking, especially after I moved to France and got married. I guess I started to feel very nostalgic about the country of my childhood, and it became more important for me to remember and re-create those tastes for my French friends and family." Reminiscent of lightly fried pita bread, this rustic treat is good for breakfast. It is named after the first inhabitants of North Africa. Yield: 3 round breads