## Peach and Hazelnut Crumbles

[709a03e96e](http://www.food.com/recipe/peach-and-hazelnut-crumbles-290763)

### Ingredients

 - 200 g of peaches, yellow, raw

 - 2 teaspoon of peaches, yellow, raw

 - 14 cup of peaches, yellow, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of oats

 - 1 tablespoon of nuts, hazelnuts or filberts

 - 2 teaspoon of syrups, sugar free

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 160 degree celsius. Divide drained peaches (if large slice finer) between 2 small oven proof dishes. Roast hazelnuts - put on a tray and roast in a 160 degree oven for 8 to 10 minutes and then removed and place in a clean towel and rub to remove skins (In doing this I removed about 1/2 the skins and just coarsely chopped the nuts in a mini processor with skins that were left on and it was still good). Mix hazelnuts with oats in a small container. Mix 2 teaspoons of reserved juice and maple syrup and heat in a microwave proof container (about 20 seconds at 50% heat in a 900 Watt microwave) - the original recipe suggested heating in a small pan, my suggestion if you do not have a microwave is put the maple syrup and juice in a heat proof container and heat in a water bath on top of the stove. Add the syrup/juice mixture to the oat and hazelnuts and mix well and then divide this mix over the peaches. Put into the oven and cook for 20 to 25 minutes until crispy and brown. Heat up 1/4 cup of reserved juice (again I suggest the microwave - 20 seconds in 900 watt microwave) or place juice in heatproof container and heat in a water bath on stove top. Pour heated juice equally over crumbles. Serve with a scoop of low-fat icecream or a vanilla low-fat or diet yoghurt.