## Sour Cherry Scones and Ginger-Marmalade Cream

[71c6c7e790](http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/sour-cherry-scones-and-ginger-marmalade-cream)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 cup of cherries, sweet, raw

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, cardamom

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 cup of spices, ginger, ground

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 425. Soak the dried cherries in hot water until plump, about 10 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk the flour with the sugar, baking powder, cardamom and salt. Drain the dried cherries and pat dry. Add them to the dry ingredients along with the cream and stir until the dough is evenly moistened. Gather the dough into a ball and gently knead it 4 or 5 times. On a lightly floured surface, roll or pat the dough into a 3/4-inch-thick round. Using a 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter, cut out 8 rounds. Transfer the rounds to a baking sheet and brush the tops with the melted butter. Bake for about 20 minutes, or until lightly browned and cooked through. In a medium bowl, whip the cream with the confectioners' sugar until soft peaks form. Transfer the whipped cream to a serving bowl and spoon the ginger marmalade on top. Split the hot scones and serve at once with the ginger marmalade cream.