## Black Bean Brownies

[721e00fe77](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/black-bean-brownies-3/)

### Ingredients

 - 15 ounce of beans, snap, green, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1/2 cup of oats

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 13 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 3 teaspoon of sweetener, herbal extract powder from stevia leaf

 - 1/4 cup of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1/2 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 F. You will need a food processor for this recipe. You can use a blender but a food processor will puree the beans better. Also, the original recipe says to use an 8x8 square pan but I found the brownies were too thin with this size pan. I used an 8x6x2 pan. 1. Rinse the black beans well and drain the water. Place the beans in a food processor and add all of the remaining ingredients except the chocolate chips (cocoa powder, quick oats, salt, maple syrup, stevia, oil, vanilla extract, and baking powder) and pulse for 3-5 minutes until the batter is smooth and all ingredients are well incorporated. 2. Fold in the chocolate chips using a rubber spatula and turn the mixture into the pan. Smooth out the batter and bake for 15-20 minutes. Then remove the pan from the oven and set it on a wire rack. Let brownies cool for 10 minutes. (I placed mine in the refrigerator because the brownies were very moist and gooey.) Recipe adapted from Chocolate Covered Katie.