## Chinese Curry Noodles

[7377af12d8](http://www.food.com/recipe/chinese-curry-noodles-302584)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of beef, grass-fed, ground, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 1 1/2 cup of onions, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, curry powder

 - 2 1/4 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 3 1/2 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 1 1/2 tablespoon of cornstarch

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 1/2 cup of peas, green, frozen, unprepared

 - 14 pound of egg substitute, powder

### Instructions

In a bowl, toss the meat with the soy sauce. Heat a wok or a heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add 1 teaspoon of the oil and heat until hot, about 20 seconds. Add the meat and cook, breaking up any lumps, until it loses its pink color. Remover with a handled strained or slotted spoon and drain in a colander. Wipe out the wok. Add the remaining oil and reheat the wok over high heat until hot, about 20 seconds. Add the onions and stir-fry until soft and translucent, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the curry powder and stir-fry until fragrant, about 10 seconds. Add the fragrant sauce, water chestnuts, and peas and bring to a boil, stirring constantly to prevent lumps, until the sauce thickens. Add the meat and the noodles and toss lightly to mix. Transfer to a platter and serve immediately.