## Cheesy Or Salty Pretzel Twists

[739db7cb0f](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/353825-cheesy-or-salty-pretzel-twists)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 3 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 3 tablespoon of sugars, brown

 - 4 quart of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1/2 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 1 ounce of cheese, cheddar

### Instructions

In large mixing bowl with hook attachment add flour. In another bowl add heated water, yeast and brown sugar. Let sit 5 minutes to activate and become frothy. Add yeast water to flour and knead for 5 minutes. You are looking for a soft dough ball to form. You may need to add extra flour, 1 tablespoon at a time to achieve this. Once ball forms, cover bowl with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm, draft free area for 1 hour. On a lightly floured surface turn out dough. Separate into 6 equal portions. Take each portion and roll out to a 12" rope. Take each rope and twist 4 times. In boiling water add your baking soda. Boil each twist for 10 seconds then drain on paper towels. Preheat oven to 425F. On a parchment or silicone lined baking tray place your twists. Sprinkle each twist with sea salt. Sprinkle cheese on 3 of the twists too. Place in oven and bake 15-25 minutes until nicely golden brown. Enjoy chewy pretzel goodness! Recipe by taylor68too. You can easily change flavors by adding some garlic powder, or perhaps cinnamon sugar. The flavor combinations are yours to explore:-)