## Miso French Bread Made in a Bread Machine

[73bc5a0e42](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/144190-miso-french-bread-made-in-a-bread-machine)

### Ingredients

 - 60 g of wheat flour, white, cake, enriched

 - 70 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 90 to 100 g of water, bottled, generic

 - 15 g of miso

 - 5 drop of lemon juice, raw

 - 2 g of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

### Instructions

Put the water and miso in a small pan, and heat up until just before it begins to boil. By killing the micro-organisms in the miso this way, the dough won't be so loose and will be much easier to handle. Once the miso cools down, add enough water so that the mixture comes to 105 to 115 g, because some water will have evaporated. Put all the ingredients in a bread machine. Select the knead-only program, knead for 7 minutes only, then stop the program! Transfer the dough to an oiled bowl. Don't over knead this dough! Leave to rise properly, until the dough has increased by 2 1/2 to 3 times in volume. The dough will contain lots of air bubbles at this point, so wait patiently. Take the dough out very gently so as not to lose those bubbles and place onto a flour dusted work surface. Round it off lightly and leave to rest for 15 minutes. If you want to divide it into 2, do so at this stage. I formed the loaves into long thin baguettes following bread master Tsukakei's instructions. Form into shapes with canvas or something similar and leave to rise again (2nd rising). They have risen enough when they have doubled in size. Preheat the oven with the baking sheets inside. Slash the tops of the loaves with a knife, mist with water, and put into the oven with the kitchen parchment paper onto the hot baking sheet. My oven doesn't have a steam function, so I put in some glass containers filled with boiling water along with the bread. My oven is rather weak, so I bake it at 250 C for 30 minutes, but please adjust the time and temperature to your own oven. Baked. The slash got puffy and expanded. How the inside looks. It tastes cheesy rather than like miso. It's a bit sour and has a deep flavor. The air bubbles are so-so...Since it contains miso, the crumb is a bit brown. It smells rather like there's rye flour in the bread! The crust is thin and crispy, very nice. I tried making this one using the autolyse method (mixing the flour and water together and letting it sit for a while before adding the yeast etc. )The bread was springy and aromatic and had a great texture.