## Mike Prime Rib

[752f260ce6](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/485010-mike-prime-rib)

### Ingredients

 - 12 1/2 pound of pork, fresh, loin, country-style ribs, separable lean only, raw

### Instructions

Carefully remove the rib bones from the roast. The rib bones will act as your baking rack and be great leftovers. Season the entire roast with your favorite herbs and spices, including the removed rib rack. Do this at least 2 days ahead of cooking. Place roast back on top of the rib rack and secure with baking twine. Wrap the entire thing thoroughly in plastic wrap or a good plastic bag and refrigerate for at least two days. On the day of cooking, remove the roast from the refrigerator and allow it to come up to nearly room temperature. This will take 2 to 3 hours. Preheat oven to 200. Place roast in pan and put in oven. Bake at 200 for 2 hours. Reduce heat to 180 and continue to cook the roast until the internal temperature reaches no more than 130. This will probably take an additional 3 1/2 to 4 hours. When internal temperature reaches 125 to 130, remove the roast from the oven, loosely tent with aluminum foil and allow to rest for 45 to 60 minutes. Preheat oven to 450. 12 to 15 minutes prior to serving, place the roast back into the 450 degree oven and roast for about 10 to 12 minutes. This will brown and begin to crust the outside. Remove roast from oven. Slice and serve immediately. Note : the above directions will provide you with a roast that is medium rare throughout. If you want it cooked further, adjust the cooking time to achieve desired taste. Note 2: be prepared as this cooking process will take about 8 to 9 hours from the time you take the uncooked roast out of the refrigerator on the day of cooking to serving time. You will not be disappointed.