## Vegan Meatballs(Isolated Soy Free)

[761f4db37c](http://www.food.com/recipe/vegan-meatballs-isolated-soy-free-498243)

### Ingredients

 - 12 cup of lentils, raw

 - 1 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 14 cup of oats

 - 14 cup of wheat germ, crude

 - 2 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 2 teaspoon of lemon juice, raw

 - 14 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 1 teaspoon of vinegar, balsamic

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, chili powder

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, chili powder

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, onion powder

 - 2 teaspoon of molasses

 - 2 teaspoon of mustard, prepared, yellow

### Instructions

Mix ingredients together in a bowl. Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Measure out 2 tablespoons of mixture for each meatball and roll into a ball with your hands. Spray cooking sheet and place meatballs on it. Place into oven and cook 15 minutes on one side and roll over and cook 15 minutes on the other side. After they are out of the oven, let stand for about 10 minutes to allow them to firm up. NOTE:. If making Recipe#511822-Vegan Italian Meatball Soup, the meatballs need to be prepared differently. Omit 1 Tablespoon of the olive oil and replace it with 1 tablespoon of water. We want to make the meatballs smaller for this soup so instead of making the meatballs with 2 tablespoons for each meatball measure them out using 1/2 a tablespoon. Also, cook 10 minutes on each side instead of 15 minutes like the recipe originally states.