## Homemade Peanut Butter Cups

[779c1986e6](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/homemade-peanut-butter-cups-5/)

### Ingredients

 - 4 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 1/2 cup of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 16 ounce of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

### Instructions

Line two 12 cup mini muffin tins with mini muffin cups and set aside. Melt the white chocolate chips in a microwave safe bowl for 1 minute. Stir in peanut butter and microwave for an additional 30 seconds if needed. The mixture should only be half melted so it kind of stays together when you are layering it between the melted chocolate. Make sure to use potholders when grabbing the bowl from the microwave. My bowls were so hot I almost dropped one! Next, melt the milk chocolate in the microwave in 30 to 40 second intervals until creamy and smooth. Stir out all the lumps or bubbles. Drop the melted milk chocolate evenly along the 24 cups, reserving half of the chocolate for the top layer. Shake the pans a little to even out the first layer. Next drop in a layer of the peanut butter mixture into the center of the chocolate. I used about a 1/2 teaspoon to 3/4 of a teaspoon. Then top off cups with remaining melted milk chocolate and chopped peanuts and put into the freezer for 15 minutes. They will be perfectly formed and ready to serve! You can keep these little guys in an air-tight container for up to two weeks.