## Vanilla Frozen Yogurt

[77a676fa96](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/vanilla-frozen-yogurt-379853)

### Ingredients

 - 3 cup of yogurt, greek, plain, nonfat

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

Mix together the yogurt, sugar, and vanilla. Stir until the sugar is completely dissolved. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Freeze in your ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. To make Rich Vanilla Frozen Yogurt, substitute 3 cups (720 g) of strained yogurt (see below) or Greek-style yogurt for the plain whole-milk yogurt and reduce the amount of sugar to 3/4 cup (150 g). Yes, you can have yogurt and granola for dessert. Just top a scoop of Vanilla Frozen Yogurt with Honey-Crunch Granola (page 186). Draining yogurt allows the whey to run off, leaving you with very thick yogurt with a higher concentration of butterfat, which makes a smoother, creamier frozen yogurt thats naturally more tangy. I like both, and my choice on any given day depends on my mood and what Im serving alongside. So when a little extra richness is called for, use these instructions to make strained yogurt, which you can substitute cup for cup for the yogurt called for in any of the frozen yogurt recipes in this book. (I do give two different recipes for vanilla frozen yogurt, one using strained yogurt and one using unstrained yogurt.) To make 1 cup (240 g) of strained yogurt, line a mesh strainer with a few layers of cheesecloth. Then scrape 16 ounces or 2 cups (480 g) of plain whole-milk yogurt into the cheesecloth. Gather the ends and fold them over the yogurt, then refrigerate for at least 6 hours. You can also use Greek-style yogurt, which is much higher in fat than plain yogurt, in place of strained yogurt in all of the frozen yogurt recipes.