## Low Fat Eggnog Streusel Coffee Cake

[7815330189](http://www.food.com/recipe/low-fat-eggnog-streusel-coffee-cake-251744)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 12 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of eggnog

 - 8 ounce of cream, sour, cultured

 - 1 teaspoon of alcoholic beverage, distilled, rum, 80 proof

 - 6 tablespoon of egg substitute, powder

 - 2 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 13 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 12 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 1 tablespoon of eggnog

### Instructions

Spray 13x9x2inches rectangle baking pan with butter flavor cooking spray. Make streusel topping; set aside. Beat splenda and butter in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed. Beat in eggnog, sour cream, rum extract and egg sub until blended. Stir in flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Spread in pan. Sprinkle streusel topping over batter. Cover and refrigerate atleast 8 hours. Heat oven to 350*. Uncover; bake 35-40 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 20 minutes. Make eggnog glaze; drizzle over coffee cake. For serving, cut into 5 rows by 3 rows. Note**To cook immediately reduce bake time to 30-35 minutes.