## Sweet Baby BBQ Ribs (Oven-Baked)

[781a22e222](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/main-courses/sweet-baby-bbq-ribs-oven-baked/)

### Ingredients

 - 4 pound of pork, fresh, loin, country-style ribs, separable lean only, raw

 - 3/4 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, paprika

 - 2 cup of sauce, barbecue

### Instructions

1. Preheat oven to 300 F. 2. Peel off the tough membrane that covers the bony side of the ribs (once you get it going it is not that hard). Its the clear film on the back. 3. In a small bowl, mix together the sugar and spices to make the rub. 4. Apply rub to ribs on all sides. 5. Lay ribs on two layers of foil, with the shiny side of the foil facing out and meaty side of the rib face down. 6. Lay two layers of foil on top of ribs and roll and crimp edges tightly, edges facing up to seal them. 7. Place the foil-wrapped ribs on a rimmed baking sheet and bake for 2 -to 2 1/2 hours or until meat is starting to shrink away from the ends of the bone. 8. Remove from oven and pull ribs out of the foil packages. 9. Heat broiler. 10. Cut ribs into serving sized portions of 2 or 3 ribs each. 11. Arrange the ribs on a broiler pan, bony side up. 12. Brush on the sauce. 13. Broil under broiler for 1 or 2 minutes or until sauce is cooked on and bubbly. 14. Turn ribs over, brush on the sauce and broil that side for 1 or 2 minutes until sauce is cooked on and bubbly. Take pan out of the oven and serve the ribs with corn on the cob! Absolutely finger lickin good!