## Apricot Crumble Slice Recipe

[7895693da4](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/apricot-crumble-slice-68785)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/3 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 90 g of butter, without salt

 - 2 cup of apricots, dried, sulfured, uncooked

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 100 g of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1/3 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, brown

### Instructions

Lightly grease a 20cm X 30cm rectangular slice pan. Prepare pastry:Heat butter for pastry. Combine flour, sugar and butter in a bowl and mix lightly to create a smooth dough. Press into the prepared pan and bake in a moderate oven about 10 min or possibly till lightly set. Prepare filling:Chop the dry apricots. Combine dry apricots, water and extra sugar in a small pan and simmer, uncovered, about 10 min or possibly till mix is thick, stirring occasionally. Cold mix to room temperature. Coconut topping:Heat butter for topping. Combine butter, coconut, shredded coconut, flour and sugar in a bowl and mix to combine. To finish:Spread apricot mix proportionately over pastry base, sprinkle with coconut topping. Bake in a moderate oven for about 20 min or possibly till lightly browned. Cold in pan. Feel like doing some baking. Try this!