## Brown SugarPecan Shortbread

[7a706aca53](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/brown-sugar-pecan-shortbread-379628)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 cup of butter, salted

 - 2/3 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 cup of nuts, pecans

### Instructions

In a small bowl, whisk together the flour and salt. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment (or in a bowl by hand), beat together the butter and brown sugar on medium speed just until completely smooth and no streaks of butter remain. Mix in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture and beat until completely incorporated. Stir in the pecans. Turn out the dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap and form it into a 4 1/2 by 6-inch (11 by 15-cm) rectangle about 1 inch (3 cm) thick. Wrap the dough tightly and refrigerate until chilled and firm, at least 1 hour. Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven; preheat the oven to 350F (175C). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. Cut the rectangle of dough lengthwise into 2 equal pieces. Cut each half crosswise into rectangles 1/4 inch (6 mm) wide. Place the cookies 1 inch (3 cm) apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, rotating the baking sheets midway through baking, until the cookies are deep golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets until firm enough to handle, then use a spatula to transfer them to a wire rack. The dough can be refrigerated for 4 days, or frozen for up to 1 month. Shortbread is always best the day its baked, but these can be kept in an airtight container for up to 4 days. Its become au courant to use delicate sea salt, such as fleur de sel, on cookies to accentuate the butter flavor. Flick a few grains onto each cookie before baking and gently press them in. I often dip these shortbreads in chocolate. Once the cookies are cool, chop and melt 4 ounces (115 g) of bittersweet or semisweet chocolate in a bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water. Dip one half of each cookie in the chocolate then sweep off some of the excess. Let the chocolate-dipped cookies rest on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or plastic wrap until the chocolate sets.