## Sesame Tuiles

[7b65c00d23](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/sesame-tuiles.html)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 cup of seeds, sesame seeds, whole, dried

 - 3 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 teaspoon of orange juice, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of orange juice, raw

 - 1 tablespoon of cornstarch

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Pulse the sugar and 2 tablespoons sesame seeds in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer the ground sesame mixture to a medium saucepan and add the butter, orange zest and juice, cornstarch and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture comes to a simmer and thickens slightly, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl; stir in the flour, vanilla and the remaining 2 tablespoons sesame seeds. Refrigerate until cooled and thickened, about 45 minutes. Drop heaping teaspoonfuls of batter, 4 inches apart, onto the prepared baking sheets. Lightly sprinkle the tops with more sesame seeds. Bake, 1 baking sheet at a time, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet until just set enough to lift with a spatula, 1 to 2 minutes, then carefully transfer to a rack. While the cookies are still warm, curl up 2 sides of each cookie with your fingers, then let cool completely. Repeat with the remaining batter (reline the baking sheets between batches). Photograph by Levi Brown