## Quick Cinnamon Rolls

[7b6e49ae6e](http://www.food.com/recipe/quick-cinnamon-rolls-414835)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 4 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 cup of sugars, brown

 - 13 cup of butter, without salt

 - 3 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 13 cup of currants, zante, dried

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 400. Mix together sugar, flour, baking powder and salt. Using a pastry knife, cut in the 1/4 cup butter until mixture is crumbly. Make a well in the centre. Pour milk into the well and stir to form a soft dough, adding a little more milk if needed. Place dough on a floured surface and kneed about 9 times. Roll into a 6-8 inch log then using a rolling pin, roll out into a rectangle about 1/3 inch thick and 12 to 14 inches long and about 6 to 8 inches wide. Cream the last 1/3 cup butter, with the brown sugar and cinnamon. Thinly spread 1/2 to 3/4 of the mixture onto the dough and then either using muffin tins or a non-stick cake pan, drop teaspoons of remaining sugar mixture into the bottom. Roll the dough, jelly-roll style against the short width so that you have a long log. Cut into 12 to 14 equal pieces. Either place the 12 pieces, cut side down into the muffin tins or line them up in two the 8 inch nonstick cake pans so that there is at least a 1/2 inch to 3/4 inch gap in between the rolls (allows them to expand). Bake at 400 F for about 20 minutes. When you pull the cinnamon rolls out of the oven, Immediately turn pan upside-down onto a plate and allow the hot sugar & cinnamon mixture to drip over the muffins. Allow to cool slightly before serving.