## Coconut Granola

[7dd764f7d2](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/coconut-granola/)

### Ingredients

 - 8 cup of oats

 - 1 cup of oat bran, raw

 - 1 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 3/4 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 1/2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1/4 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1/4 cup of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1/2 cup of beverages, ovaltine, classic malt powder

 - 1/2 cup of honey

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/2 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a large bowl, stir together the oats, oat bran, coconut and almonds. Divide between two large baking sheets, and spread into an even layer. Bake for 7 or 8 minutes in the preheated oven, until lightly toasted. Allow to cool for a few minutes, then return to the large bowl. While the oats are toasting, combine the coconut milk, coconut oil, vegetable oil, malt syrup and honey in a saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring until it comes to a boil. Boil for 2 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in the vanilla. Pour the syrup over the granola in the bowl, and stir until the dry ingredients are fully coated. Divide between the two baking sheets, and spread evenly. Bake for 8 minutes in the preheated oven, or until fragrant and toasted. Cool in the pans, then mix in the dried cranberries. Store in an airtight container at room temperature.