## Strawberry Coconut Shortcake

[7f42146d61](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/strawberry-coconut-shortcake/)

### Ingredients

 - 6 cup of strawberries, raw

 - 2 teaspoon of sweetener, herbal extract powder from stevia leaf

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1/2 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 cup of egg substitute, powder

 - 23 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 14 ounce of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 teaspoon of sweetener, herbal extract powder from stevia leaf

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 450 F. Spray an 8 round cake pan with cooking spray; set aside. (I used a 9 spring form pan and it worked great as well.) In a large bowl stir together berries and 2 teaspoon stevia, set aside. In another large bowl stir together 1/4 cup sugar, flours and baking powder. Cut in margarine till mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Combine egg and coconut milk in a small bowl. Then add it into the flour mixture and stir until just moistened. Spread into prepared baking pan, building up the edge slightly. Bake for 15-18 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Remove pan from oven and set it on a rack. Cool shortcake in the pan for 10 minutes. Remove cake from pan onto your serving platter. Set it right side up and use a long serrated knife to cut it in half horizontally and split into 2 layers. Spoon half the coconut whipped cream (recipe below) onto bottom layer of the cake, top coconut cream with half the strawberries. Place top layer of cake onto strawberries and top the cake with remaining whipped cream and strawberries. To make whipped cream: With roughly 24 hours prior to making, place a full fat can of coconut cream in the refrigerator. Do not open or shake. When ready to use, scoop out the coconut meat and place it in a large bowl. Add stevia and vanilla extract. Beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Recipe adapted from Better Homes and Gardens.