## Marthas Perfect Pate Brisee

[81086d9c7e](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/martha-s-perfect-pate-brisee-393381)

### Ingredients

 - 2 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 to 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Place the flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a food processor, and process for a few seconds to combine. Add the butter pieces to the flour mixture, and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. Add the ice water in a slow, steady stream, through the feed tube with the machine running, just until the dough holds together. Do not process for more than 30 seconds. Turn the dough out onto a work surface. Divide into 2 equal pieces, and place on 2 separate sheets of plastic wrap. Flatten, and form 2 disks. Wrap, and refrigerate at least 1 hour before using. Marthas Perfect Pate Brisee will also make two 6 1/2-inch double-crust pies: Divide the dough into quarters and the filling in half; the baking time is the same. The amount of water required to hold the pastry together will vary, depending on the humidity. Chilling the piecrust before it is baked helps it keep its shape and gives it a professional look. Evenly brushing the egg wash over the piecrust results in an evenly browned crust. Martha likes to use glass pie plates so she can see whether the bottom crust is done. Flour, cornstarch, or tapioca can be used to thicken a berry pie. A fruit filling is usually done when the juices are bubbling. Bake the pie with a baking sheet underneath the plate to catch overflow from the filling.