## No Bake Peanut Butter Chip Granola Bars

[81d8e28d7c](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/no-bake-peanut-butter-chip-granola-bars/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of oats

 - 1 cup of cereals, oats, regular and quick, unenriched, cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving), without salt

 - 1 tablespoon of seeds, chia seeds, dried

 - 1/2 cup of honey

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1 cup of honey

 - 3/4 cup of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 3/4 cup of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

### Instructions

Lightly grease an 8x8 pan with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine the oats, Rice Krispies, chia seeds, and honey roasted peanuts. Stir to combine. In a separate bowl, combine the brown sugar, honey, peanut butter, and vanilla. Melt mixture in the microwave until smooth, stirring every 30 seconds, so as not to burn.b Remove from microwave and pour over oat mixture. Mix well, ensuring that oats are entirely covered. Let cool for several minutes (so that the addition of peanut butter chips will not melt). After oat mixture is cooled, gently fold in peanut butter chips. Spread into prepared pan and lightly press down with spatula. Let cool completely, then cut into bars. Store, covered, in the refrigerator or on counter. Notes: Be sure to let oat mixture cool after everything is combined (but before peanut butter chips are added), so that the heat from the brown sugar mixture does not melt peanut butter chips. These bars are kept best in the refrigerator to hold their shape. Bars will keep covered for about 1 week.