## Quick Puff Pastry

[8227140c25](http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/2055)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 pound of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 pound of butter, without salt

### Instructions

Beat the flour with the water and salt in an electric mixer just to mix a little. Add the butter, broken into pieces, and beat to mix a little. Do the rest of the mixing by hand. Press out the dough and fold into a piece about 5 inches by 7 inches. Flour a board, rolling pin and top of the dough and roll out to a rectangle about 8 inches by 21 inches, about 1/8-inch thick. The folding: Fold one-third of the dough over the other two-thirds and then fold the remaining third so that you have three layers. Press down, turn, flour and roll again into a 21-by-8-inch piece. Fold in thirds again and refrigerate for a half hour. Roll out again on a floured surface to form a piece 21 inches by 8 inches. Fold into a double fold. (Fold over dough so that the ends meet in the middle, then fold in half.) Repeat rolling and folding. Refrigerate for a half hour before rolling out to bake. Beat the dough with the side of a rolling pin to about a thickness of 1/3inch. Roll out as thin as possible, about 1/32 of an inch thick, and place in a 10-by-15-inch baking pan, lined with parchment or wax paper. Trim any dough hanging over the edges. Prick all over with a fork and refrigerate for one or two hours, or overnight. Transfer to a second 10-by-15-inch pan (pan cannot be chilled or pastry will not bake properly). Bake at 250 degrees for about 30 minutes or until golden. Cool and cut off edges, crush the trimmings and set aside. Cut into three lengthwise pieces.