## Dairy Free and no Cook Chocolate Pudding

[82bf6fb26a](http://www.foodgeeks.com/recipes/21071)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 3/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/2 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 1/3 cup of sweetener, syrup, agave

 - 1/2 cup of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 2 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

In a Vita-Mix or high speed blender, puree all the ingredients until completely smooth, stopping to scrape the sides as necessary. Transfer to bowls and chill form a firmer pudding, or eat it straightaway. Try this with raspberries and fresh mint, or chopped nuts. Serves 4. NOTE: The whole young coconuts generally come with the husks trimmed down, so they sit flat with a pointed top. To open these coconuts, a cleaver is your best bet. You can use a chefs knife, but if you do, make sure its an old, inexpensive one! Lay the coconut on its side, securing it so that it wont roll Try not to hold the fruit with your free hand while you make the first cut (in case you have particularly bad aim!). Holding the knife high, bring it down sharply near the top of the coconut. The knife should sink in about 1/3 of the way, breaking through the inner shell. Quickly set the coconut upright so as not to lose the water to the cutting board. If you didnt succeed in breaking the inner shell, rotate the shell and try the technique again. Drain the coconut of its water into a blender or bowl, then use the cleaver or knife to finish cutting off the top to get at the meat. The meat will range from very thin and very soft (sometimes even with a pale purplish hue in very young coconuts), to thicker and firmer. The firmer meat is best for recipes that call for noodles or pasta squares. Sometimes you have to open a few before you get one with nice firm meat, but the soft meat is perfectly good for sauces and smoothies, and coconut meat freezes beautifully, so all of it is good to use. The best way to get the firmer meat out is by using the back of a spoon to pry it from the sides of the coconut, then trim away any of the shell residue with a paring knife. Lay the pieces of coconut flat on a cutting board and slice into 1/6 inch strips for dishes that call for coconut noodles. The Raw TruthThe Art of Preparing Living Foods Jeremy A Safron