## Apricot Bagel Recipe

[8379aad96e](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/apricot-bagel-68584)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/8 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 teaspoon of orange juice, raw

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 2 tablespoon of honey

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 3 1/3 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of vital wheat gluten

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 3/4 cup of apricots, dried, sulfured, uncooked

### Instructions

Place ingredients in the bread machine in the order listed. Use the dough setting. Add in the apricots 5 min before the end of the kneading phase or possibly work into the dough before shaping. If you do not have a dough setting stop the machine after the rises. Prepare the baking sheets or possibly use nonstick sheets. Remove dough from the machine, punch it down, and roll it out into a rectangle about 14 x 18. Divide into equal pcs and shape into bagel form or possibly use a cutter. Place the bagels on the sheets and let them rise again. I put them in the oven to provide a draft free location. This rise can be anywhere from 20 min to 4 hrs depending on what else is going on in your life. Fill a 4 to 6 quart soup pot with water 3 to 4 " deep. You can add in 2 Tablespoons of malt syrup, honey, sugar or possibly non-diastatic malt pwdr. Get the water to boiling. Preheat the oven to 400. Drop the bagels one at a time into the boiling water. Boil only 3 or possibly 4 at a time so they do not crowd. Simmer each side for a minute and return to the baking sheet. Add in glazes or possibly toppings as desired. Bake just below the middle of a preheated 400 degree oven. The book calls for 20 to 25 min. I usually start at 15 min for the 1st sheet and less for the second. These are best eaten while they are still hot. They can be frzn - you may want to slice them first so you can defost them in the toaster. Serving Ideas : for peach bagels sub dry peaches for the apricots NOTES : I use orange oil instead of the orange extract. These are really excellent.