## skye's parmesan & garlic thin crust pizza

[841c3a0abc](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/351028-skyes-parmesan-garlic-thin-crust-pizza)

### Ingredients

 - 2/3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 cup of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 2 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

### Instructions

in a large bowl combine warm water, sugar and yeast. stir well. let sit for a few minutes. add in the rest of ingredients and mix well to incorporate together into soft elastic dough. work dough for several minutes. once dough is done (dough forms a nice ball)... turn out onto a lightly oiled surface. knead the dough for several minutes. then form into a ball, cover with a towel and let rest for 10 minutes. *NOTE* at this point dough may be refrigerated or frozen. to do this.... get plastic bag and spray the inside with nonstick cooking spray and then place dough in bag and seal tight. can be refrigerated up to 7 days or frozen up to 2 months preheat oven to 400F after your dough has rested... roll and gently stretch dough into a large circle or rectangle. dough must be "docked" (poked with a fork so that it doesn't rise too much during baking) mix your olive oil and garlic powder and brush all over top of pizza dough pre-cook puzza crust for 4 minutes before adding toppings. pop any large air bubbles in crust and let it cool before toppings are added. adding toppings: brush pizza crust with more of the garlic olive oil. then layer on your toppings (sauce, cheese, pepperoni, etc) bake pizza approximately another 10 - 15 minutes until crust is golden brown and cheese is melted and bubbly remove pizza and allow to cool 5 minutes before cutting. eat and enjoy *EXTRA NOTE* the basic pizza crust brushed with oil can be baked and cut into strips and served with garlic butter dipping sauce... or brushed with extra garlic oil and just sprinkled with mozzarella cheese and baked like that for a quick cheesy garlic bread to serve with soups, salads, or pasta dishes.