## Kathleen Anninos Cape Cod Comman Crackers

[854429ea38](http://www.food.com/recipe/kathleen-anninos-cape-cod-comman-crackers-151237)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, brown

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of lemon juice, raw

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 6 tablespoon of lard

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of potatoes, raw, skin

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, brown

 - 12 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 3 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, raw

 - 2 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

### Instructions

Making the starter: Whisk 1st 6 ingredients together into a batter and store for 2 days. It will rise, go down and then separate. Making the cracker dough: Knead enough flour into 1 cup of starter dough to make a firm ball of dough. Cover and let rise 1 hour. In another bowl, mix the lard, salt, potato flakes, brown sugar and baking soda Mix in lemon juice and 3 tablespoons water. Knead this liquid into dough using paddle attachment of mixer. Add more flour changing to dough hook as dough stiffens. After 5 minutes you should have a stiff smooth ball of dough. Rolling out dough: Cut the dough into 1/4s. One at time, roll dough into a rectangle 3/8-inch thick. Starting at one end, put through pasta roller. Fold in thirds like a business letter. Give a quarter turn and roll again. Repeat the process 6 times. going down to position # 6 on machine. Use as little flour as possible. The final dough should be 1/4 inch thick. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Cut 1 1/2 inch rounds. Press tines of table fork through the rounds in 2 places. Arrange on parchment paper. Bake 8 minutes until the crackers have risen and are light golden brown. Lower the temperature to 200 degrees and then let the crackers dry out in oven for 2 hours.