## Lemon Caramel Sauce

[87f4807fda](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/lemon-caramel-sauce-379971)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 to 3 tablespoon of lemon juice, raw

### Instructions

In a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan or skillet, spread the sugar in an even layer. Pour 1/2 cup (125 ml) of the water over it, along with a few drops of the lemon juice. Heat the sugar, without stirring, over medium heat until the mixture begins to bubble and the sugar starts to dissolve. Tilt the pan gently if the sugar is cooking unevenly, or use a heatproof utensil to ever so gently stir the syrup. Once the sugar begins to smoke and becomes a deep amber color, remove it from the heat and add the remaining 1/2 cup (125 ml) water. Let the steam subside, then whisk the caramel until smooth (wear an oven mitt, as the hot caramel can splatter). Stir in 2 tablespoons lemon juice and let the mixture cool to room temperature. Strain it if there are any bits of undissolved sugar. Once the caramel reaches room temperature, taste it and add the additional lemon juice if you wish. Serve at room temperature or warm. To make Whiskey (or Rum) Caramel Sauce, replace the lemon juice with 1 tablespoon of whiskey (or rum). Once the mixture reaches room temperature, taste and add more liquor if desired. This sauce can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 1 month. Rewarm it gently in a microwave or by stirring in a saucepan over very low heat.