## Bacon....only BETTER!

[88680f4aca](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breakfastbrunch/bacone280a6-only-better/)

### Ingredients

 - 24 ounce of bacon, meatless

 - 1 cup of sugars, brown

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, chili powder

### Instructions

This is a super easy recipe that is a wondeful way to make breakfast special. Preheat your oven to 400 degrees. You will need tinfoil, parchment paper, non-stick cooking spray, a cookie sheet and a metal rack like a cookie cooling rack that is oven safe. Cover your cookie sheet with tinfoil making sure the tinfoil folds over the edges of your cookie sheet. Trust me this will make clean up so much easier. Line the inside of the cookie sheet with parchment paper to soak up the bacon grease. If you dont have parchment paper you can put down a layer of salt in the cookie sheet to soak up the bacon grease. This keeps it from spalttering inside your oven. Spray the rack with non-stick spray and lay it on the cookie sheet. It should fit inside the edges of the sheet pan. I use 24 ounces of thick cut bacon because when I make this I want a bunch of it but you can use any amount you want. Put a cup of brown sugar in a shallow bowl, pan or plate. I use a pie plate but a sheet pan would work really well. I like to use something with a lip on it so that the sugar mixture doesnt get everywhere. Add the chili powder to the sugar and mix well with a fork, whisk or your hands. Dredge the bacon in the sugar mixture making sure every bit of the bacon is covered in a nice thick layer. Lay the bacon slices close together on the rack. If you have a tiny 21 inch oven like me youll have to cook the 24 ounces in a couple of batches. Oh how I envy those of you with bigger ovens. Bake it for about 40 minutes checking every once in while as baking times are approximate. See the aforementioned lament regarding tiny ovens. You want the bacon done and not burned. When its done remove from the oven and try to keep from eating it all at once. Its hard. Enjoy!