## Dragonfly's Vegan Ribs

[88b08e462f](http://www.food.com/recipe/dragonflys-vegan-ribs-268227)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of vital wheat gluten

 - 1 7/8-2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 tablespoon of soup, beef broth or bouillon canned, ready-to-serve

 - 2 tablespoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 tablespoon of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2-3 tablespoon of seeds, sesame butter, tahini, from roasted and toasted kernels (most common type)

 - 1 cup of sauce, barbecue

### Instructions

Mix the gluten with the broth and bouillon. Using a fork, make a well in the center and add the water all at once. (Add more if you live in a dry area, less of you don't, hence the different amount). Mix fast, rapidly incorporating all the gluten. Dust a flat surface, dust your hands and lightly dust the gluten lump. Knead till rubbery and smooth. Use more flour if you need to. Flatten the gluten out with the tips of your fingers. Melt the tahini in the microwave or on the stove. You want it to be smooth, slightly warm and easy to spread. Using just your fingertips, poke the melted tahini into the surface of the gluten. Turn over the gluten and repeat. It won't actually knead into the gluten, but till work in a bit and sit on the surface. Slice the gluten into strips. The thicker the strip, the chewier the rib, the thinner the crispier. Your choice. Put the strips on a lightly oiled cookie sheet and bake at 375 degrees for about 10-15 minutes. When the under side is golden, flip them over and bake some more. You want a crispy product. They should puff up at first and flatten as they are browning up. You can add sauce to each side as they are browned up, or add it at the end. We like a small amount of sauce, but you can drench yours, if you like.