## Caramel Corn

[88fb353643](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/appetizers-and-snacks/caramel-corn-9/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of snacks, popcorn, air-popped (unsalted)

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 cup of butter, salted

 - 1/2 cup of syrups, corn, light

 - 2 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

Pop the popcorn the way you normally would. If you have never made homemade popcorn, place 1 1/2 tablespoons of vegetable or canola oil into a pan that has a lid. I wouldnt use a non-stick pan. Turn stove-top on medium high and place 2 kernels in the pan with the oil. Wait until you hear them pop. Once they have popped place the remaining popcorn kernels into the pan and move it around so all of the oil gets onto the kernels. Once popcorn starts popping pick up the pan slightly and in a rotating motion make small circles over stove top burner. Once the popcorn stops popping or slows down to 1 or 2 pops per couple seconds remove pan from heat and immediately place popped popcorn into 2 large microwave safe bowls (while you do this, remove all kernels that did not pop). You should place popcorn into each bowl so that they are only halfway full. *If there is leftover popcorn, it is okay. Just set it aside in another bowl. You can toss the leftovers into one of the 2 bowls once you have finished the process. You just need to make sure that you have plenty of room in the bowls to work. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside. To make the caramel melt the butter over medium heat in a medium sauce pan. Once all the butter is melted add in the corn syrup and brown sugar. Stirring frequently, increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a boil. Once the mixture starts to boil, stop stirring and let the mixture boil for 4-5 minutes making sure to not burn it. You want an amber color brownso make sure to watch it. Once the caramel has boiled for 4-5 minutes or has turned amber in color, remove pan from the heat. Stir in the baking soda and vanilla. The mixture will start to bubble, this is normal. Preheat oven to 250 F. Pour the caramel sauce equally over the popcorn in the bowls and toss to coat evenly. Remember if you have leftover popcorn make sure to estimate dividing the caramel into thirds, not halves. I started off using a big salad spoon to toss the mixture. Then once the caramel cooled down a bit I used my fingers and hands to toss the rest. Spread the tossed popcorn onto the 2 baking sheets. *Even if you had to toss a third bowl of popcorn it should all fit on the 2 baking sheets. Bake for 40-50 minutes, removing the popcorn from the oven every 10 minutes to toss and stir. After 40 minutes, remove the pans from the oven. Pull out a piece of popcorn, let it cool completely and try it. If it is not crispy, stick the sheets of popcorn back into the oven for another 10 minutes. After 50 minutes maximum, take popcorn out of the oven and place the pans on wire racks to cool. Once completely cooled break caramel corn into pieces and serve. Recipe Adapted from: Annies Eats.