## Spinach/Strawberry Salad

[8e922ae3e2](http://www.food.com/recipe/spinach-strawberry-salad-35547)

### Ingredients

 - 8 cup of spinach, raw

 - 2 cup of strawberries, raw

 - 12 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 14 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 5 teaspoon of vinegar, balsamic

 - 2 teaspoon of sauce, worcestershire

 - 2 teaspoon of honey

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of spices, poppy seed

 - 3 teaspoon of chives, raw

 - 3 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 teaspoon of mustard, prepared, yellow

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

### Instructions

SALAD: Break off root ends and tough stems (if any) and discard. Place spinach in a large bowl, add ice and cover with water; set aside to chill. SUGARED ALMONDS: In a small saucepan, combine almonds, sugar and water. Cook over medium-low heat for 5 to 7 minutes or until sugar is almost completely melted and nuts are golden, stirring occasionally- (there will be unmelted sugar on nuts). Spread almonds on a large plate; let cool and then break into small pieces. (Make ahead, as nuts can be stored in an air-tight container for about 3 days). DRESSING: In a small bowl, whisk together balsamic vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, honey, poppy seeds and chives. Drizzle in olive oil and whisk until blended. Now whisk in Dijon mustard until well blended. Whisk in salt and pepper to taste. Remove spinach leaves from water, pat dry on paper towelling and break into pieces. Add to a large mixing bowl. Add sliced strawberries and toss lightly to mix. Add dressing and toss gently until spinach and berries are lightly coated. Add almonds, toss lightly and serve. TIP: Packaged ready-to-use baby spinach can be found in the produce section of most supermarkets. There are 8 cups of baby spinach in (one- 6 ounce) package. NOTE: Only make enough salad that will be eaten at this one time serving. The salad will get somewhat soggy if kept for another day.