## Potato and Lardon Casserole

[90aa718350](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/potato-and-lardon-casserole-233276)

### Ingredients

 - 5 pound of potatoes, raw, skin

 - 1/2 pound of bacon, meatless

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, thyme, dried

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350F. If you are also making crown roast of pork with onion and bread-crumb stuffing (page 230), oven racks will already be in lower third and bottom of oven; if not, put oven rack in middle position. Peel potatoes, then halve lengthwise (quarter if very large) and cut crosswise into 3/4-inch-thick pieces. Blanch potatoes in 2 batches in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water 5 minutes per batch (potatoes will not be completely cooked through). Transfer potatoes with a slotted spoon to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, then drain in a colander and transfer to another large bowl. Cook lardons in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until pale golden, 5 to 8 minutes. Add lardons and 2 tablespoons fat from skillet to potatoes, then add thyme, garlic, salt, and pepper and toss until combined well. Transfer mixture to a greased 13- by 9-inch shallow baking dish (or other 3-quart shallow baking dish) and dot with butter. Bake casserole (next to or under crown roast, if making, starting 30 minutes before roast is done), uncovered, 30 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 425F, then continue to bake until top is golden, about 15 minutes. Season with salt.