## Rare Beef Vietnamese Style

[9149b6e5ee](http://www.food.com/recipe/rare-beef-vietnamese-style-295365)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of beef, grass-fed, ground, raw

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 2 tablespoon of sauce, fish, ready-to-serve

 - 14 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

### Instructions

Select the finest piece of beef tenderloin. Bring beef to room temperature by putting covered beef on the counter for about 15-20 minutes. Prepare ice water bath - put some ice cubes in cold water in a bowl. Heat grill or oven broiler to high. Sear the outside of the beef, all around, until outside is light brown. I only sear the outside of my beef because I like my beef moo.ing rare. If you like your meat more cooked, please use the meat thermometer to reach desired doneness: 130 degrees for rare, 140 for medium rare -- Remove meat and dip in ice water for a couple of seconds to stop cooking. Dry meat with paper towel. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve. Sharpen your knife, and slice beef thinly. Mix grated ginger and fish sauce to make sauce. Sprinkle roast rice powder over sliced beef, serve with sauce for dipping. Serve with white rice. To Roast rice:. Heat heavy skillet on medium heat. Add dry grains of rice and reduce to low heat. Stirring frequently to roast until evenly brown to release aroma. Once rice is medium brown, remove from skillet and grind in blender or food processor until a fine powder is achieved. In the old days, this is done with mortar and pestle. Thank goodness for technology.