## Cream Biscuits with Sugared Strawberries

[949409fd2f](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/cream-biscuits-with-sugared-strawberries-383643)

### Ingredients

 - 2 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 1 1/2 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 pint of strawberries, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 450F. Lightly grease a baking sheet. Place the flour and salt in a large bowl and stir to mix. Add the cream and stir to mix just until the flour is moist. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead three or four times, just until it comes together, and form into a flat disk. Using a lightly floured rolling pin or your hands, roll or pat the dough about 1/2 inch thick. Lightly flour a 2- to 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter and cut the biscuits, leaving as little space between each cut as possible and pressing down just once for each biscuit; do not twist the cutter. If the dough begins to stick to the cutter, dip the cutter in a little flour. Gather the excess biscuit dough, reroll once, and cut as many biscuits from it as possible. Arrange the biscuits on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with cream, sprinkle with sugar, and bake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. While the biscuits are baking, combine the strawberries and remaining 1/4 cup of the sugar in a bowl and mash lightly with a fork or your hand to release some of the juices. Remove the biscuits from the oven, split in half, and place a pat of butter in the middle, allowing the butter to melt. Spoon the strawberries over and serve warm. If you dont have self-rising flour in your pantry, you can still avoid a trip to the store by making your own. Add 2 teaspoons baking powder or 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder plus 1/2 teaspoon baking soda to every 3 cups of all-purpose flour. If the recipe does not call for salt, add 1/2 teaspoon to the mix as well.