## No-Bake Chocolate Oatmeal Cookies

[94cd80a22e](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/no-bake-chocolate-oatmeal-cookies-2/)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 cup of butter, without salt

 - 4 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1/2 cup of honey

 - 1/2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 4 tablespoon of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/2 teaspoon of sweetener, herbal extract powder from stevia leaf

 - 2 cup of oats

### Instructions

Put coconut butter into a microwave safe medium sized bowl and melt it in the microwave for 30 seconds intervals until it is soft enough to spoon into a bowl. Add butter and honey into the melted coconut butter and microwave for 1 minute until mixture is soft enough to be combined well when stirred. You can also just melt the mixture over low heat in a pot on the stove. Set aside. In another larger bowl whisk milk and cocoa powder together until smooth. Stir in vanilla extract and stevia. Combine both wet ingredients in the larger bowl and mix until combined. Then add the oats and stir to coat them well. Drop your preferred size scoops of dough onto a baking sheet that youve lined with waxed paper or parchment. Freeze or refrigerate until set. Keep refrigerated. Some Notes: I have tried this recipe using a full cup of coconut butter and no dairy butter and they were tasty but dry. You could try replacing the butter used for coconut oil. You can use whatever milk you like to replace the 1%. You could eliminate the vanilla stevia but the cookies will be only mildly sweet. Left on the counter they will start to soften to the touch. They wont fall apart, but they will be slightly sticky. I suggest keeping them refrigerated until ready to serve. You could try replacing the coconut butter with peanut butter but since my boys are allergic I have not tried this. So I cannot say for sure they will hold together. If you are gluten free, make sure your oats are certified and labeled gluten free.