## Pecan Cinnamon Raisin Crisps

[94d4999877](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/special-dietary-needs/vegetarian/pecan-cinnamon-raisin-crisps/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 cup of lemon juice, raw

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, brown

 - 2 tablespoon of honey

 - 1/2 cup of raisins, seeded

 - 1/2 cup of nuts, pecans

 - 1/4 cup of seeds, flaxseed

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, stir together the flour, baking soda and salt. Add the milk and lemon mixture, brown sugar and honey and stir a few strokes. Add the raisins, nuts, flax seed and cinnamon and stir just until blended. Pour the batter into 2 9x9 cakepans or 4 small loaf pans that have been sprayed with nonstick spray. Bake for 30-35 minutes until golden and springy to the touch. Remove from the pans and cool on a wire rack. Allow the loaves to cool completely, then freeze for 45 minutes to 1 hour. This will help you slice the loaves very thinly. Slice as thin as you can and place the slices in a single layer on a sheet pan that has been lined with parchment paper. Bake at 300 degrees F for about 15 minutes, then flip them over and bake the slices for another 10 minutes until crisp and golden. Let crisps cool for about 10 minutes; if not super crispy, return to oven for another 5-7 minutes. Cool completely and store in an airtight container. Makes about 4 dozen long thin crisps (made in the 9x9 pans) or 6 dozen square crisps (made in the small loaf pans). Calories per crisp: 24, Fat: .07, Cholesterol: .1, Sodium: 31, Potassium: 13, Carbs: 4, Fiber: .06, Sugar: 1.7, Protein: .07