## Citrus and Cranberry Shortbread Cookies

[95586c55b4](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/holidays/citrus-and-cranberry-shortbread-cookies/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 tablespoon of tangerines, (mandarin oranges), raw

 - 2 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 3/4 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

### Instructions

In the bowl of your stand mixer, with paddle attachment fixed, cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla extract and tangerine zest. Mix again until combined. Add the flour and salt into the bowl, and mix again on low until the dough begins to come together. Increase the speed to medium and mix until a firm cookie dough forms. Gently fold in the dried cranberries until evenly dispersed. Dump the dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap and form into a round disc. Wrap it up and refrigerate for at least an hour. Once the dough has chilled, preheat your oven to 350 F and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Set aside. Unwrap the dough onto a generously floured surface. With a floured rolling pin, roll the dough out to 1/4 of an inch thick. Using the cookie cutter of your choice (floured) cut shapes out of your dough. Place the cookies onto the baking sheet (12 per large baking sheet), spacing them about an inch apart. You can re-roll your scraps of dough to make additional cookies. Bake the cookies at 350 F for 8-10 minutes or until they just begin to brown around the edges. Remove from oven and let them cool for a couple of minutes on the baking sheet. Transfer to a wire rack to cool the rest of the way. Will keep at room temperature for 2 weeks. Enjoy!