## Vegan, Gluten Free Coconut Pumpkin Cookies

[96e997adb2](http://www.food.com/recipe/vegan-gluten-free-coconut-pumpkin-cookies-509464)

### Ingredients

 - 12 cup of oats

 - 12 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 2 tablespoon of rice flour, white, unenriched

 - 12 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 14 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 2 tablespoon of sweetener, syrup, agave

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of pumpkin, raw

 - 4 tablespoon of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 3 tablespoon of pumpkin, raw

 - 14 cup of raisins, seeded

 - 1 pinch of spices, cloves, ground

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350F Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil. In a bowl mix well all dry ingredients except Ground cloves. Add wet ingredients and mix with a fork or hands. (I recommend pumpkin puree at room temperature and softened coconut oil) Your dough should be a little bit sticky, Divide the dough in six equal parts, make small balls and place them at least one inch apart on the baking sheet. Flatten into cookie shapes and decorate with dried fruit and nuts. Dust with Ground cloves (optional). Place in the oven a let cook for 25 min, Cookies should be soft to touch after the 25 minutes, turn off the oven and let them sit in the oven for an extra 5 minutes. Take them out and let cool on a cooling rack. Cookies will be chewy on the middle and crisp on the edges. Enjoy!