## How to cook a turkey

[9718087152](http://www.lovefood.com/guide/recipes/10724/how-to-cook-a-turkey)

### Ingredients

 - 4 kg of ground turkey, raw

### Instructions

Allow the bird to reach room temperature before cooking. Pre-heat the oven to 180C (140C if fan assisted), gas 4. If using an Aga cook in the `hot' oven for the same time as a conventional oven, but please check regularly with a meat thermometer. Place the turkey breast side down in a large roasting tin and season with salt and pepper. Cooking upside down will keep the breast meat moist as the fat on the back of the bird trickles through to the breast. Put the giblets around the turkey and add a couple of cups of water to the tin. Never cover the turkey with foil as this results in a steamed skin rather than a crispy oven roasted one. Don't stuff the turkey as this prolongs the cooking time but cook the stuffing separately. Cook for the following times depending on the size of your turkey. We allow 500g per person. Please remember oven temperatures may vary; 4kg/8.8lbs - 2 hours 5kg/11lbs - 2 1/4 hours 6kg/13.2lbs - 2 1/2 hours 9kg/19.8lbs - 3 1/2 hours Holding the drumsticks turn the turkey over for the last 30 minutes of cooking to brown the breast. It will be hot so use oven gloves. Season the breast of the bird then insert your meat thermometer (it comes free with Kelly Bronze) halfway through the thickest part of the breast. Return to the oven but check every 10 minutes until correct temperature is reached and remove from the oven. Allow to stand for 30-60 minutes before carving. It won't go cold and the juices will settle in the meat, making it easier to carve and deliciously moist. Prepare the gravy, the stock and juices produced from the Kelly Bronze turkey makes the best gravy you will ever taste. Simply, remove the giblets, skim off excess fat from the top of the stock, scrape in all the delicious sticky bits off the bottom of the roasting tin. Re-heat the stock in a pan and serve with the carved meat.