## Cheesecake Yogurt Chocolate Cups

[983f6f2af3](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/cheesecake-yogurt-chocolate-cups-2/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 23 cup of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 13 cup of yogurt, greek, plain, nonfat

 - 1/2 teaspoon of orange juice, raw

### Instructions

Pour 1 1/2 cups of the chocolate chips into a glass bowl and either heat over a pan of simmering water or melt in the microwave for 2 minutes. If you heat them in the microwave make sure that you stop and stir them every 30 seconds. Heat until the chocolate is smooth and completely melted. Then stir in the last 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips and mix together until all the chocolate is smooth and glossy. Drop a spoonful of the melted chocolate into 8 cupcake liners. Use a spoon to spread the chocolate into an even layer and bring the chocolate up the sides of the liners to help keep the filling in the cup. Put the chocolate cups in the fridge while you mix the filling. In a medium bowl, beat the cream cheese with 1/4 cup of powdered sugar. Taste. If you want it a little sweeter, add some more powdered sugar and mix until there are no more lumps. Mix the Greek yogurt and orange zest into the cream cheese mixture. Once the chocolate cups have set, take them out of the fridge and drop a spoonful of the cream cheese filling into each one. Spread the filling into an even layer. Place the cups back in the fridge for about 5 minutes to let the cheesecake filling firm up a little bit. Take the cups out of the refrigerator, stir the rest of your melted chocolate (reheat for a few seconds if you need to), and drizzle the melted chocolate over the top of the cheesecake filling. Gently spread the chocolate over the filling, then put the cups back in the fridge for 5-10 minutes until the chocolate has hardened. Remove them from liners and serve.