## Cinnamon -Swirl Raisin Bread

[98b9b960c6](http://www.food.com/recipe/cinnamon-swirl-raisin-bread-288309)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 12 cup of butter, without salt

 - 14 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 ounce of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 12 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 6 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 cup of raisins, seeded

 - 12 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

In a large bowl, combine milk, potatoes, butter, sugar and salt. In a mixing bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Add potato mixture and 2 cups flour; beat until smooth. Fold in raisins. Stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft dough. Turn onto a lightly floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour. Ponch dough down. Turn onto a lightly floured surface; divide in half. Roll each portion into a 16 inch x 8 inch rectangle. Combine sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle over rectangles to within 1/2 inch of edges. Roll up jelly-roll style, starting with a short side; pinch seam to seal and tuck ends under. Place seam side down in two greased 9 inch x 5 inch x 3 inch loaf pans. Cover and let rise for 30 minutes or until doubled. Brush with butter. Bake at 350 degrees for 40 to 45 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool.