## The Ultimate Foot Care (Soak, Massage)

[9996365030](http://www.food.com/recipe/the-ultimate-foot-care-soak-massage-277314)

### Ingredients

 - 2 tablespoon of nuts, almonds

 - 2 teaspoon of avocados, raw, all commercial varieties

 - 12 drop of spices, rosemary, dried

 - 1 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 3-4 drop of spices, rosemary, dried

 - 1 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 3-5 drop of spices, rosemary, dried

 - 1 pinch of mustard, prepared, yellow

### Instructions

Before soaking your feet, give each one a preliminary massage. Combine the almond, avocado and rosemary oils, thoroughly mixing. Store any remaining mixture in an airtight, amber-colored glass bottle, in a cool, dark cupboard, for up to 2 months. Pour a little oil into you hands and hold the left foot firmly. Press along the underneath area and upper surface for about 20 seconds. This will induce a marvelous feeling of relaxation. Next, place your left foot over your knee. Press, rub and pull each toe, and knead the sole with your knuckles. Then place the fingers of both hands on the sole and the thumbs, pointing toward the toes, on top of the foot. Stroke downward from the ankles to the toes. Repeat the procedure with your other foot. To soak your feet, you will need a basin large enough to hold them when they are fully stretched out. Pour in sufficient water to cover your ankles and add Soak ingredients, swishing the water around to dissolve the salt and blend the oil. Leave the water to cool slightly before soaking your feet. After soaking for 10 minutes, revive your feet with a quick dip in a basin of cold water, and then back again. Continue doing this as long as the hot water stays hot. If it has been raining and you have cold, wet feet, a pinch or two of mustard powder added to the water is especially invigorating. Finish off by massaging your feet with the massage oil mixture.