## Tofu Batons with Hot Sesame...

[99f827c869](http://www.cookstr.com/recipes/tofu-batons-with-hot-sesame)

### Ingredients

 - 3 ounce of tofu, raw, regular, prepared with calcium sulfate

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 1 teaspoon of oil, sesame, salad or cooking

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 1 tablespoon of rice vinegar, upc: 4979435030332

 - 2 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 1/2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 cup of spices, coriander seed

### Instructions

Bring 2 inches of water to a boil in a medium pot. Add the tofu sticks, breaking them if necessary to make them fit, and use a wooden spoon to push them under the surface of the water. Turn off the heat. Weight down the sticks with a plate that fits inside the pot to keep them submerged. Cover and let sit for 30 minutes. Remove the plate and drain the tofu well. Cut the sticks into 2-inch lengths, trimming off and discarding any tough bits. Cut the sticks lengthwise in half or into quarters, to make narrow batons. Set aside. Heat a wok or wide heavy pot over medium-high heat. Add the peanut oil and sesame oil. When the oil is hot, add the chile flakes and tofu batons and stir-fry for 2 minutes, stirring and pressing on the batons to expose them to the hot surface of the pan. In a small bowl, combine the vinegar, soy sauce, and sugar and whisk well, then pour over the tofu batons. Stir-fry briefly to distribute the flavors, then bring the liquid to a boil. Immediately lower the heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for 5 minutes. Turn out into a wide shallow bowl. Taste and add a little more soy or vinegar if you wish. Sprinkle on the coriander leaves, and serve warm or at room temperature.