## Easy Sandwich Bread

[9b3aba5237](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/easy-sandwich-bread/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 4 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 5 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

### Instructions

Grease a 9x5 loaf pan or use parchment paper. (I used the paper, and this worked very well.) In large bowl, hand whisk yeast and warm water together. Let stand for 3 minutes to dissolve yeast. Add sugar, salt, 4 tablespoons of butter, and 3 cups of flour to the mix. Whisk until everything is blended, and then with a big spoon, add the rest of the flour and cornmeal. Mix it until its soft. Knead on a floured surface for 10 minutes, until it forms a nice firm ball of dough, adding a bit more flour as you knead. Place in a lightly oiled bowl, cover and place in your oven with the light on for 45 minutes. After it doubles, gently deflate the dough. Plop dough onto a floured surface and form it into a long oblong shape. Place in a greased or papered 9x5 loaf pan. Cover with a plastic bag or other cover, and return it to the oven for another 45 minutes. It will RISE above the pan at least 1 inch! Remove plastic cover. Place in preheated 350 F oven for 30 minutes. Allow it to cool for 15 minutes before removing from the pan. * The last tablespoon of melted butter is for dribbling over the top of the loaf when done. Personally, I leave the bread alone, but if you want to use the extra butter, go ahead.