## Raspberry Scones With Rose Water Glaze

[9d87ddd232](http://www.food.com/recipe/raspberry-scones-with-rose-water-glaze-173903)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 13 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 5 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 3 tablespoon of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 13 cup of jams and preserves, apricot

 - 12 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 14 teaspoon of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

SCONES:. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, mix flour, sugar and baking powder. Add the butter. Either mix with a pastry blender or rub butter in with fingertips until mixture looks like fine crumbs. Gradually add 1 cup cream, mixing just until dough comes together (dough will appear somewhat shaggy). Turn dough out onto foil and pat it to 1/2" thick. With a 3" round or heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps and reshape to 1/2" thickness. Cut rest of scones, using as much of the dough as possible without re-shaping it. With a floured knife, cut scones horizontally to make a pocket for the jam (if you used a heart cutter, start at the bottom point of the heart to cut). Fill each cut scone with a generous teaspoon of raspberry jam (jam will be visible around the edges). Transfer filled scones to a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown (about 18 minutes). Transfer baked scones to a wire rack to cool just until slightly warm. GLAZE:. While scones are cooling, mix powdered sugar, rosewater and remaining 3 tbs of cream until smooth. Spread glaze over slightly warm scones. Serve immediately, or at room temperature.