## Easy Handmade Udon Noodles

[9ea30671bb](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/146638-easy-handmade-udon-noodles)

### Ingredients

 - 150 g of wheat flour, white, cake, enriched

 - 150 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 3 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 150 ml of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Combine the flours and the salt. Mix and knead in the water little by little. It will be very dry at first, but it will gradually form a ball. When a ball of dough is formed, put it into a sturdy and large nylong bag. Sandwich the bag between newspapers, and step on the dough over the paper. When the dough is flattened, take it out of the bag, fold it over, put it back in the bag and step on it again. Continue for 20 minutes. Form the dough into a ball again, wrap in plastic wrap and rest at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours. Take the dough out of the plastic wrap and cut it up into single sized portions. Flour the cutting board, rolling pin, your hands and the dough balls with flour or katakuriko, and roll out each portion of dough with the rolling pin. Fold the rolled out dough into thirds, and slice into evenly sized noodles. Dust the cut dough with flour or katakuriko as soon as it's cut to prevent it from sticking, and loosen the noodles. This is how the noodles look after being cut and dusted with flour. If you want to store the noodles, wrap each portion in plastic wrap and refrigerator. It will keep for about 3 days. Bring plenty of water to a boil in a pot. Put in the udon noodles while pulling them apart, and cook them for about 10 minutes. Make sure the water doesn't boil over. Drain the noodles into a colander, cool them well in cold water, and they're done! You can use the noodles as-is to eat cold dipped into a dipping sauce or in other cold noodle dishes. To serve in a hot udon noodle dish, warm them up in boiling water.