## Pretty in Pink Salad

[9fc12d44c8](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/salads/pretty-in-pink-salad/)

### Ingredients

 - 8 ounce of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 10 ounce of cherries, sweet, raw

 - 15 ounce of pineapple, raw, all varieties

 - 1 pint of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 10 ounce of candies, marshmallows

### Instructions

In a large mixin bowl add the softened cream cheese, 1/4 cup sugar and all that glorious juice from the maraschino cherries jar. Now grab your hand mixer with the beater attachments and beat away until nice and smooth. Take those cherries and give em a good chop, set aside. Drain the crushed pineapple really well (drain juice into a glass, add vodka and drink. Nobody is looking and if they are they should mind there own business!) Okay, youre feeling loosey goosey so set the drained pineapple aside and grab another mixen bowl. Add heavy whipping cream and 2 Tbl sugar and whip away with the whisk attachment on your trusty hand blender (if youre a spoiled little snot like me and youve got a Kitchen Aid stand mixer use it!) Fold your whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture, gently ladies, gently! Now fold in the chopped up cherries, drained pineapple and marshmallows. If you snuck a few cherries your husband should give you a proper spanking, hell be happy to do it. I know you want to eat this now but put it in the fridge for at least 4 hours and let all the flavors combine and the marshmallows get nice and smooshy. While your waiting pour another drink and go get that spanking you deserve.