## My Favorite Cheese Naan

[9fd4cd9812](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/146531-my-favorite-cheese-naan)

### Ingredients

 - 300 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 4 1/2 g of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 25 g of sugars, granulated

 - 2 pinch of salt, table

 - 100 ml of water, bottled, generic

 - 100 ml of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 50 g of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 50 g of sugars, granulated

### Instructions

Add the flour, dried yeast, sugar, salt, warm water and milk to a bowl and mix everything together with your hand. Once the dough has gathered together, turn out onto a surface and knead for 5-10 minutes. It may look soft and sticky like this, but it will form properly if you keep persevering. When the dough has been kneaded it may feel a little more runny than your usual bread dough. When you've finished the kneading, keep rolling the dough into a ball until the surface is smooth. Lightly grease the bowl with oil and place the ball of dough seam-down inside. Wrap the top of the bowl with some lightly greased cling film. Let the dough prove. If it's summer, just leave to prove at room temperature. I put the bowl in a styrofoam box alongside some cups of hot water. Leave to prove for 30 minutes. Once the dough has doubled in size, it's ready. Turn the dough out onto a dusted surface and lightly press out any excess gas with your hands. Split the dough into 4 equal parts and roll them into balls. Cover with a damp tea towel and leave to rest for 15 minutes. In the meantime, make the cheese. Combine the ingredients marked with * and mix together. Use your hand to mix as if you were kneading until a ball forms. Split the cheese mixture into 4 equal parts and shape into flat ovals to make them easy to wrap. Use your hands to stretch out the dough from Step 8, place the cheese in the middle and wrap the dough around. Once wrapped, pinch the dough securely closed with your fingers. Turn the naan over and roll into a circle shape with a dusted rolling pin. Cook in a frying pan without oil. Once the bottom has turned golden, flip the naan over. A non-stick frying pan is best for this job. Once both sides are cooked, your naan is ready Of course they taste great with curry but please try them on their own too!