## Peanut Butter Cups

[9ffb152546](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/143761-peanut-butter-cups)

### Ingredients

 - 300 g of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 180 g of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 50 g of cookies, graham crackers, plain or honey, lowfat

 - 50 g of sugars, powdered

### Instructions

Crush the chocolate into small pieces. Put 1/2 the amount of chocolate into a heat-resistant bowl, then melt in a microwave. Keep a close watch, mixing every few seconds, to make sure it doesn't burn. You can also use a double boiler. Fill each paper cup with about 1 tablespoon, and use the back of a spoon to spread it along the inside edges. Set the cups on a platter, then chill in the refrigerator until the chocolate hardens to make the chocolate cups. (About 1 hour.) Using a food mill, crush graham crackers into a powder, or put the crackers in a sturdy plastic bag and crush with a rolling pin or an empty bottle. Put the peanut butter into a heat-resistant bowl and microwave for a few seconds until soft. Be careful not to heat it for too long or it will get runny. Add the powdered sugar and crackers and mix well. If using unsalted peanut butter, add a pinch of salt. Put a spoonful of peanut butter into each chocolate cup. Leave enough room at the top to seal with chocolate. Return the platter to the refrigerator to chill until the peanut butter hardens. It doesn't have to be brittle, when it looks like the peanut butter has set, it's done. Melt the remaining 1/2 of the chocolate and cover each cup. Use the back of a spoon to evenly spread the chocolate, taking care not to leave gaps. Chill in the refrigerator again to harden. Leave for at least one hour, or overnight if possible, to let the flavor of the peanut butter insides blend. Peel the paper off carefully to keep the shape of the corrugated sides intact, then they're done! Enjoy the nice combination of chocolate and peanut butter! When I don't have enough chocolate, I use a type that melts easily. Reese's uses milk chocolate, so that's the basic recipe, but feel free to use bitter chocolate. I use Skippy Creamy Peanut Butter. It's essential to use salted peanut butter. Use the crunchy type, if you like. If you don't have graham (whole wheat) crackers, you can use Bran crackers that have wheat germ. I recommend plain. The powdered sugar gives a silky texture. You can also transform granulated sugar into powdered sugar by processing it in a food mill! Variation: I melted white chocolate into the leftover 1/2 batch of chocolate and decorated the tops with different colored chocolate. If you prefer, you can reduce the amount of peanut butter from 250 g to 180 g. You can also reduce the amount of graham crackers and sugar each from 60 g to 50 g.