## Sardinian Parchment Bread

[a2960cdc8c](http://www.food.com/recipe/sardinian-parchment-bread-57935)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of semolina, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 1/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F at least 40 minutes before baking. In a large bowl combine flours and salt and mix ingrediants thoroughly. Slowly add water, stirring with a wooden spoon until the mixture forms a soft dough (you many not need to add all the water.) With your hands, work the dough into a ball. Place on a clean, floured work surface and knead for about one minute. The dough should be firm and pliable, not sticky. Divide the dough evenly into 12 balls. Place the balls on a lightly floured surface. Flatten each ball into a thick 4-inch pancake. Generously flour the work surface and with with a heavy-duty rolling pin roll each portion of the dough as thin as possible into an 8" to 9" round. These breads are meant to be roughly shaped. Thinness is more important than the shape. The dough should be thin enough to see your hand through it. Place several rounds of dough on an ungreased baking sheet and place in the oven or place on a baking stone with a baker's peel. Bake until the top of the bread is firm and lightly browned, about 3 to 4 minutes. Baking time will vary and will also depend on the number of breads placed in the oven. With tongs or your fingers, turn the bread over and bake until the other side is slighly browned, 3 to 4 minutes more. (The bread should be rather bumpy, puffy, and irregular, with occaisional pockets full of air.) Transfer the bread to a wire rack to cool. Repeat wtih the remaining rounds of dough. The bread cools quickly and can be served immediately.