## Homemade English Muffins

[a35da7e92c](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/homemade-english-muffins/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/4 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 6 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

### Instructions

Warm the milk in a microwave safe bowl in the microwave for one minute (should be lukewarm). Mix in the sugar, stirring until dissolved. In mixing bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Let stand until creamy, about 10 minutes. Add the milk to the yeast mixture, as well as the melted butter, salt and 3 cups flour. Beat until smooth. Add rest of flour, or enough to make a soft dough. Knead or use mixer. Place in greased bowl, cover, and let rise, about an hour. Punch down gently, or rather, sort of slide the dough out of the bowl onto a floured surface. Roll out to about 1/2 inch thick. Cut rounds with biscuit cutter, drinking glass, or empty tuna can. Sprinkle waxed paper with cornmeal and set the rounds on this to rise. Dust tops of muffins with cornmeal also (this prevents the dough from sticking to the waxed paper). Cover and let rise 1/2 hour. Heat greased griddle. Cook muffins on griddle about 6 minutes on each side on medium heat. At this point, if the muffins are browned on top and bottom, but the sides seem not done, put them in a 350 degree oven for 8 minutes.