## Crisp Whole Wheat Pizza Crust

[a4127d711d](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/main-courses/crisp-whole-wheat-pizza-crust/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 3/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 3 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

### Instructions

Dissolve yeast in warm water in a large bowl and let sit until foaming, 5-10 minutes. Meanwhile, sift flours into a separate bowl (discard whole wheat dregs). When yeast is foaming, add flours, salt, cool water, and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Mix with a wooden spoon until combined, adding water or flour as needed to bring dough together into a ball. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 2-3 minutes. Place in a bowl greased with the remaining tablespoon of oil. Cover with plastic wrap and place in a warm spot. Let rise until doubled, about 1.5-2 hours (the longer the better, but put in the fridge if its going to be more than 3 hours). When its doubled, split the dough ball into two pieces on a lightly floured surface. If you only need one small pie, the other ball can be frozen at this point. Cover remaining dough ball with plastic wrap or a towel and let rest until slightly puffed, about 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees (place a pizza stone on the bottom rack if you have one). Press the dough out to about 1/4-inch thickness with your hands, letting it rest periodically so it doesnt tear or snap back into place too quickly. Top and slide onto the pizza stone using a pizza peel or the back of a baking sheet, or place on a lightly greased baking sheet. Bake for 10-12 minutes, until the crust is golden brown.