## Feather Bread (Bread Maker - for Bread - Rolls - and Buns.)

[a4ebb3137c](http://www.food.com/recipe/feather-bread-bread-maker-for-bread-rolls-and-buns-336855)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 3 tablespoon of margarine, regular, 80% fat, composite, stick, without salt

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 tablespoon of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

### Instructions

Be sure to whisk that flour before measuring - I soften the margarine in the micro wave. Place ingredients in order listed with the flour and yeast going in last. Choose your cycle.During the first mixing check to assure your dough has the right amount of flour and water - dough should look nice and shiny.Flours differ so you may need to add lukewarm water a teaspoon at a time if it is too dry- a sprinkling of flour if too sticky. Never add more then 3 tablespoons of either the flour or the water. In my breadmaker the whisked flour and the carefully measured ingredients are right on. Makes a large loaf. FOR DOUGH use dough cycle - when cycle complete shape into bread, buns or rolls. I often make braided loaves topping with sesame seeds. Brush tops with softened butter or margarine.Rise 20 to 30 minutes or until double in size. Bake in a 350 oven until nicely golden brown brushing with softened butter or margarine just before they are done - I brush them again when I take them out - makes for nice tops. Time varies - check your machine. Cooking time is machine and baking time.