## Chiclosos de Pistache

[a534cbf8f8](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/chiclosos-de-pistache-384163)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 5 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 cup of syrups, corn, light

 - 1/3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 cup of nuts, pistachio nuts, raw

### Instructions

Lightly butter the bottom and sides of an 8-inch square pan. Cover with parchment paper or aluminum foil (the butter will help it adhere to the pan). Butter the parchment or foil and set aside. Place the cream, butter, and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and set aside. Place the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a heavy, deep saucepan or pot over medium heat and cook, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Continue cooking until the mixture starts to turn golden, then swirl lightly to caramelize evenly. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cream mixture, being very careful because it will bubble up and steam. Once it stops bubbling, return the mixture to the heat and continue to cook, adjusting the heat to maintain a constant soft simmer, until it reaches 248F on a candy thermometer, about 15 minutes. Stir in the pistachios and pour into the prepared pan. Let sit for 2 to 3 hours, until cool to the touch. Cut into 1-inch pieces and wrap each piece in a piece of cellophane or wax paper, twisting the ends to secure. Store in an airtight container in a cool, dry place for about 1 month. The punto, the exact moment when the candy is ready varies not only between different types of candy but also with relation to personal preference. It is one of the most important aspects of the candy making process because it defines the texture. Throughout my travels, whenever I asked someone when theyd know their creation was ready, they always responded when it reaches the punto. I didnt find one person in Mexico who relied on thermometers or cared to have one. They rely on their senses and experience and are artisans in the truest sense of the word.