## Soft Grain Bread

[a5f451dd5b](http://www.food.com/recipe/soft-grain-bread-142644)

### Ingredients

 - 4 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 12 cup of butter, without salt

 - 14 cup of honey

 - 1 cup of cereals, oats, regular and quick, unenriched, cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving), without salt

 - 1 cup of oats

 - 3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 14 cup of potatoes, raw, skin

 - 2 tablespoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 6-8 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

### Instructions

In large mixing bowl, combine all-bran cereal, oats, whole wheat flour, dry milk powder, potato flakes, yeast, salt, and 2 cups bread flour; set aside. In microwave, heat water, honey and butter to 110 to 120 degrees. Add water mixture to flour mixture and beat on medium speed with mixer for 2 minutes. Gradually add enough flour for the mixture to form a stiff dough. Turn dough out onto floured board and knead about 10 minutes, adding flour as needed (I use my KitchenAid mixer with a dough hook). Be careful not to add too much flour or the bread will be heavy. Place the kneaded dough in a large oiled bowl and turn dough over to coat with the oil. Cover the dough with a large cloth and set aside in warm place to rise until it is doubled in size. Punch dough down and turn out onto floured board. Divide into 5 portions, shape each into loaves, and place in greased 4 1/2 x 8 1/2 inch non-stick loaf pans (the dark pans brown the bread better than the shiny pans). Cover pans with a cloth and let rise until doubled. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove bread from pans immediately and let cool on rack. Brush tops of loaves with butter.