## How to Bake Cakes in Cans- Aka Tin Can Cakes

[a763c71d19](http://www.food.com/recipe/how-to-bake-cakes-in-cans-aka-tin-can-cakes-398819)

### Ingredients

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

### Instructions

You'll need 2 cans and a good can opener. I like to use the cans that are left from pie filling (21 oz). They are kinda wide and I find them easier to work with. They must be cleaned and free of dents (dents will stop the cake from popping out). The important thing is to open the cans cleanly with no jagged edges which will tear the cakes when removing them and cut your hands. The second important thing is to grease and flour the can very well and line the bottom with a little circle of greased parchment paper. You can use the standard butter or shortening and flour but I prefer to spray them with Baker's Joy. It's just so much simpler. I make the recipes right in a 4 cup measuring cup and then simply pour/scrape the batter into the center of the cans. If you don't have one of those, drop the batter off of a serving spoon into the center of the can. Try to smooth the tops a little with a narrow rubber spatula. Tap the cans on the counter gently to remove air pockets. Bake according to your recipe. Test for doneness using a long thin skewer. After you bake the cake according to the recipe, let it cool on a rack for 10 minutes just like usual then run a thin knife around the edge of the cake and pop it out. Cool completely on the rack. If the cake gets totally stuck, cut the bottom of the can off with your can opener and push the cake gently up out of the can (sort of like a push-up pop ice cream). Gently remove the can bottom from the cake with a thin knife. Once the cake is cool, carefully slice it in half horizontally to make your 2 layers. Fill and frost according to your recipe. Be very careful during this whole process not to cut yourself on the rims of the cans and supervise children when they're handling the cans. Replace the cans after 2 or 3 uses or when you see any rusting or discoloration.