## Homemade Cream Caramels

[aadb1124b8](http://online-cookbook.com/goto/cook/rpage/000985)

### Ingredients

 - 2 pound of sugars, granulated

 - 4 cup of syrups, corn, light

 - 1 cup of milk, canned, condensed, sweetened

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 quart of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 2 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 pound of nuts, almonds

### Instructions

Pre-cut waxed paper into 3 inch by 3 inch squares. Mix sugar, corn syrup, condensed milk, salt and one third of the cream in a 3-quart saucepan. Stir on low heat until the sugar dissolves and a candy thermometer reaches 236 degrees (125 C.). Blend in another third of the cream and cook to 240 degrees (125 C.). Stir in the butter and the rest of the cream and cook to 244 degrees (125 C.). Remove from heat and pour onto slightly oiled or sprayed marble slab or 15 inch by 10 inch jelly roll pan. Let cool--caramel should not be cut until cold and quite firm. While the caramel is cooling, Toast the almonds in the oven at 350 degrees (175 C.) until golden brown--be careful not to overbrown. Use a strong, sharp knife and cut with a sawing motion--do not bear down. Cut into 2 inch squares. Use 4 or 5 almonds for each square of caramel. Work the almonds into the caramel and form into a log. Cut each log into 2 or 3 pieces. Wrap each piece of candy in a piece of the precut waxed paper and twist the ends firmly. Store in airtight containers or refrigerate.