## Cinnamon Toast Crunch Truffles

[ac5a0d0558](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/cinnamon-toast-crunch-truffles/)

### Ingredients

 - 9 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 1/4 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 6 tablespoon of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 4 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/2 cup of spices, cinnamon, ground

### Instructions

1. Place the chopped white chocolate in a heatproof bowl. In a small sauce pan, heat the cream until it is just about to boil (you should see small bubbles around the edges of the saucepan). Pour the hot cream over the chopped chocolate and stir until its smooth. (If some chocolate remains unmelted, place the bowl over a double boiler until its all melted.) 2. Stir in 4 tablespoons peanut butter until smooth. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for about 60-90 minutes. 3. Line a surface with wax paper. Using a small melon baller or a teaspoon, scoop out small balls of the ganache. If you need to, roll them lightly with your hands into smooth circles. Place truffles on the wax paper. 4. When all of the truffles are formed, fill a pastry bag fitted with a very small, round tip (I dont know what Wilton number, Im sorry) with the remaining peanut butter. Gently insert the pastry tip into each truffle, squeezing in a little peanut butter. You dont really need very much filling. You just want a little extra hit of peanut butter flavor in each one. If you need to, smooth out the truffle surface after filling. 5. Combine the sugar and cinnamon in a shallow dish. Roll each finished truffle in the cinnamon sugar, then stick a piece of Cinnamon Toast Crunch in the top. Keep the truffles tightly covered and refrigerated. Recipe for ganache adapted from Parsley, Sage, Desserts, and Line Drive and What the Fruitcake.