## Caramelized Apples

[ae166dd157](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/caramelized-apples-385753)

### Ingredients

 - 6 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 4 to 5 pound of apples, raw, with skin

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 400F. Combine 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) of the butter with 1 cup of the sugar and a tablespoon of water in a 10- or 12-inch nonstick ovenproof skillet and turn the heat to medium. Cook, shaking the pan occasionally (dont stir), until the sugar melts into the butter and the mixture bubbles. Turn off the heat and add the apples in layers; about halfway through, dot with some of the remaining butter and sugar. Use the rest of the butter and sugar on top of the last layer, along with the cinnamon if you like. Put in the oven. Bake, undisturbed, until the apples give up their liquid and it evaporates and the sides of the mass are dark brown and sticky looking. This will take around 45 minutes, but it could be considerably longer or shorter depending on the water content of your apples. Remove and let cool. Serve straight from the pan orfor a more attractive presentationinvert onto a plate. Great with ice cream: Melt 4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter in the pan; add the apples and sugar, only 1/2 to 3/4 cup in this instance, depending on the sweetness of your apples; add the cinnamon at this point too. Cook on top of the stove, shaking and gently turning the apples, until they are tender and lightly browned. Serve hot or warm.