## The Last Pizza Dough Recipe You'll Ever Use!

[ae2494c2e3](http://www.food.com/recipe/the-last-pizza-dough-recipe-youll-ever-use-519190)

### Ingredients

 - 4 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 3 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Add all ingredients to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook. start on the lowest setting for 1 minute, then increase to level 3 ( fast enough that it starts mixing at a better pace ) and mix for 5 minutes or until dough is completely smooth, elastic, and bowl is clean of all ingredients. place dough in a greased bowl, place in a warm place until doubled, punch down, then divide in half. spray 2 12" pizza pans , place each dough ball on pans, then using your knuckles, start pressing out to the edges. spray or oil entire top of dough so it doesn't dry out. (very important! ). let sit until relaxed each time the dough starts shrinking back, to relax it more, then press out farther until you have it at the pan's edge. use your fingertips to depress indents all over the pizza's surface ( this stops it from rising up too high, and also allows the sauce to have little pockets to sit in! top with your favourite pizza sauce, toppings, and cheese, then bake in a 475 degree oven at the second highest rack of the oven ( very important for proper browning of cheese, and bottom crispness! ).