## Darth Vader Biscuits

[aed58f3136](http://www.food.com/recipe/darth-vader-biscuits-499732)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, cake, enriched

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 cup of butter, without salt

 - 78 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

### Instructions

Heat oven to 425 degrees. Mix the dry ingredients before cutting in the butter. I cut the butter in cold with my fingers, crumbling it until no pieces larger than a pea remain but there are still lots of nice little bits of butter. Pour in the buttermilk and mix with a wooden spoon until just well combined, no more, no less. After mixing scrape your biscuit dough out onto a well floured work surface. Sprinkle lightly with flour and dust your hands with flour. Use as little as you can to keep it from sticking to everything. Gently form it into a rectangle with the narrow end facing you. Roll this out to 1" thick with a rolling pin. Roll from the center using a light bouncing motion. Don't bulldoze the dough. A gentle touch is key. You can use your hands to pat it out instead of a rolling pin, but I prefer using a pin. Fold it into thirds by folding the farthest end towards you then folding it again, like a business letter. Turn clockwise. Roll this back out to about 1 1/2" thick and fold it in half. Turn clockwise once more, roll out, fold in half, and then form the dough into a nice round circle. Roll the circle out to about 1" thick. Cut biscuits using a floured biscuit cutter (tip: to get the flour to stick to the cutter I smear just a bit of biscuit dough on the inside of it and then flour it, reflouring after cutting each biscuit -- and remember, don't twist your biscuit cutter or you'll seal the sides). Place them on a parchment lined baking sheet. You can brush the tops of your biscuits with butter or cream if you want. Bake for about 15 minutes for 3" diameter biscuits. Cool slightly. Peel back the tender, flaky layers. Slather with cinnamon-sugar butter. Or jam. Or nothing.