## Vegan/Vegetarian Pie Crust

[b07a3fe43a](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/146721-veganvegetarian-pie-crust)

### Ingredients

 - 250 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 100 ml of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 50 ml of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Add roughly half of the flour into a bowl. Combine half of the flour with all of the olive oil and mix together. This is how the mixture from Step 2 should look when mixed. Add the remaining flour to the mixture from Step 3 and mix in gently with a fork. When the mixture becomes crumbly like in this photo, add in the water. This is how it should look when the water has been added. Mix everything together briskly and gather the dough into a ball. Roll the dough out flat. The dough will be easier to roll if you do this on a sheet of parchment paper. When you've rolled it out a bit, fold the dough in half over itself. Roll the dough out again. Repeat the steps above twice more, rolling and folding. If any crumbs or bits of dough fall of, make sure to fold them back in. Roll the dough out until roughly 3 mm thick. If the dough is hard to roll, of if it's crumbling to much, add a bit more water to hold things together better. Shape the dough into the tin that you are going to use and pierce its it several times with a fork so that it doesn't expand too much in the oven. If you have any pie weights please use them at this stage of the recipe. Bake the pie crust in an oven preheated to 200 degrees C for 10-13 minutes. When it's cooked to how you want it, remove the pie crust from the oven and leave it to cool. This crust works great in apple pies and with other tart ingredients Please feel free to give it a try.