## All-Purpose Light Piecrust

[b244b872f5](http://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/all-purpose-light-piecrust)

### Ingredients

 - 5 ounce of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1/4 cup of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 4 teaspoon of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

1. Weigh or lightly spoon flour into dry measuring cups; level with a knife. Combine flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder in a bowl; cut in shortening with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal.2. Make a well in center of flour mixture. Combine butter and boiling water. Pour butter mixture into center of well. Gently draw flour mixture into butter mixture until moist clumps form. Press dough into a 4-inch circle. Cover, and chill 30 minutes.3. Slightly overlap 2 sheets of plastic wrap. Unwrap dough; place on plastic. Cover dough with 2 additional sheets of overlapping plastic wrap. Roll dough into a 13-inch circle.Chive Piecrust variation:Prepare All-Purpose Light Piecrust, omitting sugar. Add 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives to flour mixture.1 piecrust (8 servings)Nutritional analysis of Chive Piecrust is per serving: CALORIES 125; FAT 7g (sat 2.8g, mono 3.1g, poly 0.7g); PROTEIN 1.9g; CARB 13.6g; FIBER 1g; CHOL 5mg; IRON 0.9mg; SODIUM 147mg; CALC 15mgNote: Nutritional analysis of All-Purpose Light Piecrust is for entire piecrust.