## The Best Vegan Oat & Walnut Waffles (Or Pancakes)

[b45747b7e0](http://www.food.com/recipe/the-best-vegan-oat-walnut-waffles-or-pancakes-150887)

### Ingredients

 - 34 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 14 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 18 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 14 cup of nuts, walnuts, english

 - 14 cup of oats

 - 1 1/3 cup of beverages, almond milk, unsweetened, shelf stable

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 teaspoon of syrups, sugar free

### Instructions

If toasting walnuts, toast in a single layer on an unoiled baking tray at 350 for 5 to 10 minutes, until fragant and golden brown. In a large bowl, sift the flours, salt, baking powder, cinnamon, and nutmeg, Stir in the walnuts and oats. In a separate bowl, stir together the milk, oil, and maple syrup or sugar. make a well in the dry ingredients and pour in the wet ingredients. Stir until just combined. Do not overmix the batter. When combining wet and dry ingredients, it is better to leave a few lumps than to stir too much. After mixing, let the batter sit for a few minutes until bubbles form on the top. This 'rest' gives the baking powder time to start working so the waffles (or pancakes) will be lighter. Preheat waffle iron and lightly oil to prevent sticking. Use 1/3 cup of batter for each waffle and bake accoring to the directions for your waffle iron.