## Pie Dough

[b4612a03d4](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/pie-dough-351389)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 cup of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

 - 1/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Stir together the flour and salt with a fork to blend. Cut the fat into the flour using a food processor, pastry blender, or 2 knives. (For pies with liquid fillings like custard or cooked fruit fillings that are thickened with cornstarch or tapioca, the bits of fat should be evenly small, and the mixture should resemble a coarse meal. This will result in a mealy pie crust, which is less likely to become soggy as the pie bakes. For pies to be filled with fruit or another nonliquid filling, leave some bits of fat in larger pieces, about the size of a small pea, for a crisp and flaky texture in the baked crust.) Drizzle a few tablespoons of the ice water over the surface of the flour mixture and quickly rub the water into the flour. Continue to add the water, a tablespoon or so at a time, just until it holds together when you press a handful of it into a ball. The dough should be evenly moist, not wet, and shaggy or rough in appearance. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Gather and press the dough into a ball, wrap well, and let chill in the refrigerator for 20 minutes. Unwrap the dough, place it on a lightly floured work surface, and scatter a little flour over the top. Alternatively, place the dough between sheets of parchment or waxed paper. Roll out the dough for the bottom crust of a pie into an even round about 13 inches in diameter (for a 9-inch pie pan). It should be about 1/8 inch thick. Fold the dough in half or roll it loosely around the rolling pin, and gently lift and position it over the pan. Unfold or unroll and ease the dough into the pan without stretching, making sure that the pan sides and the rim are evenly covered. Press the dough gently against the sides and bottom. Trim the overhang to 1 inch. Tuck the dough overhang under itself and flute the edges. Fill and bake the pie according to recipe directions. Pie doughs may be soft and difficult to roll either because they are too warm, a little too much water has been added to the dough, or the weather is humid. Using marble pastry boards and rolling pins, which stay cooler than the surrounding air, helps to keep pastry dough cool and easy to handle. Another trick to working with pie dough is to roll out the dough between two pieces of parchment or waxed paper. This technique can be a big help to the novice baker.