## Turkey Sausage Focaccia

[bd4408d249](http://www.food.com/recipe/turkey-sausage-focaccia-140289)

### Ingredients

 - 1 2/3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 14 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 3 teaspoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 3 3/4-4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 ounce of ground turkey, raw

 - 1 tablespoon of tomatoes, sun-dried

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, rosemary, dried

 - 14 cup of cheese, parmesan, hard

### Instructions

Combine the water and sugar in a small bowl. Sprinkle in the yeast and let stand until just beginning to foam, about 2 minutes. Add 2 teaspoons oil. Combine flour and 2 teaspoons salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and add the yeast mixture. Stir flour into the liquid with a wooden spoon. Scrape all dough onto a floured board. While kneading, add flour gradually , enough to keep it from sticking. Knead for 8-9 minutes. Let rest in a bowl sprayed with nonstick spray. Spray the top of the dough also. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise till double about 40 minutes. Cook sausage, breaking up into small bits. Let cool completely. Combine tomato, parmesan, rosemary and sausage in a small dish. Set aside. Preheat oven to 450F. Spray a large jelly roll pan 10.5 x 15.5" with nonstick spray. Punch down dough on board. Sprinkle 1/3 of tomato, parmesan, rosemary and sausage on the surface of the dough, spreading with fingertips. Fold dough over itself to cover the mixture. Repeat until all is mixed inches. Press into pan. Cover and let stand for 10 minutes. Bake for 20-22 minutes. Remove and immediately brush with the remaining 1 tsp oil and sprinke with 1/4 teaspoons salt.