## Gwens Old-Fashioned Potato-Beef Casserole

[c10f655d5f](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/gwen-s-old-fashioned-potato-beef-casserole-389002)

### Ingredients

 - 3 pound of potatoes, raw, skin

 - 1 pound of beef, grass-fed, ground, raw

 - 1/2 cup of onions, raw

 - 4 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 cup of cheese, cheddar

 - 1/2 cup of bread crumbs, dry, grated, plain

### Instructions

Place the potatoes in a large saucepan with water to cover by 1 inch. Add a generous pinch of salt and cook for 15 minutes, or until tender. Alternatively, cook the potatoes in a pressure cooker for 5 minutes, releasing the pressure immediately to prevent overcooking. Drain the potatoes and arrange them in a 6 x 9 x 2-inch casserole dish. In a large skillet, combine the beef and onion and cook together over medium heat until the beef is browned and the onion softened, 12 to 15 minutes. Pour off the excess fat. Preheat the oven to 350F. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan and whisk in the flour to make a roux. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture bubbles and the flour turns light brown in color. Gradually whisk in the milk and continue to stir while cooking over medium heat. When the mixture thickens, whisk in the salt and pepper, then stir in the cheese and browned beef. Pour the ground beef mixture over the potatoes and bake the casserole for 20 minutes until heated through and bubbling. Sprinkle the bread crumbs on top of the casserole and bake until the crumbs are toasted, about 5 minutes longer. Potatoes cook quickly. Test often for tenderness and dont overcook them. Because all the ingredients are fully cooked, if they are still hot when you assemble the casserole, the baking time can be greatly reduced or even eliminated; simply brown the crumb topping under the broiler for a couple of minutes.