## Coconut Cake with Lime Cream Cheese Frosting

[c38637daf1](http://www.vegetariantimes.com/recipe/coconut-cake-with-lime-cream-cheese-frosting/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 1/2 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 1/2 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 2 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1 1/2 pound of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 3/4 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 13 cup of lime juice, raw

 - 1 1/2 tablespoon of lime juice, raw

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

To make Cake: preheat oven to 350F, and coat two 9-inch round cake pans with cooking spray. Whisk together coconut milk, maple syrup, coconut oil, cornstarch mixture, and vanilla in medium bowl. Sift together flours, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Slowly whisk wet ingredients into dry ingredients. Whisk in 1 cup boiling water. Divide batter evenly between prepared pans, and bake 40 to 45 minutes, or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely. To make Frosting: blend all ingredients in food processor until smooth. To assemble: Place 1 Cake layer on serving plate, and spread with 1/2 cup Frosting. Top with second Cake layer, and frost top and sides. Coat top and sides with toasted coconut, if using.