## Apple, Peanut Butter, Cinnamon Oatmeal Smoothie

[c39450f938](http://www.food.com/recipe/apple-peanut-butter-cinnamon-oatmeal-smoothie-498086)

### Ingredients

 - 14 cup of oats

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of seeds, chia seeds, dried

 - 1 cup of beverages, almond milk, unsweetened, shelf stable

 - 14 cup of yogurt, greek, plain, nonfat

 - 34 cup of applesauce, canned, unsweetened, without added ascorbic acid (includes usda commodity)

 - 2 tablespoon of peanut butter, smooth style, without salt

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1 tablespoon of syrup, maple, canadian

### Instructions

Add oats and chia seeds to blender; blend on high until texture of flour. Add milk to blender; use spoon or spatula to stir in oats/chias from bottom. Add yogurt. Add applesauce, peanut butter (or PB2), & cinnamon. Blend on high until desired smoothness. Taste and add sweetener, if needed. Blend again. Transfer to pint (2 cup) jar or container; refrigerate overnight, or a minimum of 4 hours, so oats & chias can soften. Will keep in refrigerator at least 2-3 days. Shake before drinking. IF TOO THICK after the fridge soak, add more juice or milk and shake jar/container or return to blender to combine. FOR A SMOOTHER CONSISTENCY, return to blender after the fridge soak and blend again. TO FREEZE: May be frozen after the 4 hour soak in the fridge. To thaw, move to fridge a day ahead so it is thawed for drinking the next day. For faster thaw, place frozen jar/container in bowl of cold water on the counter for 1-2 hours. Shake before drinking.