## Homemade Protein Bars - Paleo Friendly

[c3c0cff393](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/homemade-protein-bars---paleo-friendly/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of nuts, walnuts, english

 - 1 cup of nuts, pecans

 - 2 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 1 cup of seeds, pumpkin and squash seeds, whole, roasted, without salt

 - 1 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

 - 1 cup of beverages, protein powder whey based

 - 1/2 cup of dates, deglet noor

 - 1/2 cup of raisins, seeded

 - 1/2 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1/4 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 3 tablespoon of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of molasses

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 220 degrees F (104 degrees C). Arrange walnuts and pecans on a baking sheet. Bake in the preheated oven until nuts are roasted and fragrant, about 30 minutes. Remove nuts from oven. Increase oven temperature to 230 degrees F (110 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch pan. Pulse roasted walnuts, roasted pecans, and almonds together in a food processor until mixture is resembles a coarse meal; transfer to a large bowl. Add pumpkin seeds, cranberries, protein powder, dates, raisins, coconut flour, maple syrup, coconut oil, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and molasses; mix well. Press mixture into the prepared pan. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 40 minutes.