## Chicken and Parsley Dumplings

[c4970e8501](http://www.food.com/recipe/chicken-and-parsley-dumplings-105425)

### Ingredients

 - 4 ounce of wheat flour, white, cake, enriched

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 12 tablespoon of parsley, fresh

 - 3 ounce of onions, raw

 - 5 ounce of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 4 ounce of butter, without salt

 - 3 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 cup of cream, whipped, cream topping, pressurized

 - 2 ounce of carrots, raw

 - 1 ounce of peppers, sweet, green, raw

 - 1 ounce of celery, raw

 - 2 pound of chicken, broiler or fryers, breast, skinless, boneless, meat only, raw

### Instructions

FOR THE DUMPLINGS:. Combine and sift flour, baking powder and salt. Add milk and mix lightly. Do not overmix. Consistency should be slightly softer than biscuit dough. FOR THE STEW:. Saute onions in melted butter until soft. add flour. Stir and cook slowly for 10 minutes. do not brown. Add hot stock. stir until thickened and smooth. Add hot milk and cream and blend well. Saute peppers, carrots and celery until soft add to stew. Combine chicken and sauce, stirring carefully to prevent breaking up pieces of chicken. Place stew in a casserole dish and top with 1 oz spoonful portions of dumpling batter. Cover and bake 20 minutes at 350F or until dumplings are cooked.