## Asparagus Cooked Like Ferns Recipe

[c5dd4f687b](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/asparagus-cooked-like-ferns-70833)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of asparagus, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, sesame, salad or cooking

 - 2 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 1/4 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 2 tablespoon of nuts, pine nuts, dried

### Instructions

Snap off the woody ends of the asparagus. Cut the stalks on the diagonal into 1 1/2-inch lengths. Heat the sesame oil in a medium skillet or possibly wok. Add in the asparagus and stir-fry over high heat for 1 minute. Add in the soy sauce and broth, then cover and simmer on low till crisp-tender, about 6 min. Place the asparagus on a platter. Reduce the sauce, then pour on top and cover with a sprinkling of toasted pine nuts. Comments: "No Fern Picking." "Fern Picking Allowed (With Permit)." In springtime, in the mountains where we live, these signs are put up by the forest rangers along the main road, known as the Rim of the World Highway. Apparently, the Lake Arrowhead area of the San Bernardino Mountains is one of the few places where a particular variety of bracken ferns flourishes annually. While this may not be important to you, it is of extreme significance to the Korean population of Southern California, for they consider these ferns to be a great culinary delicacy. Only the top part with the most tender leaves is used. These ferns are often described as tasting a bit like asparagus, itself a delicacy in Western cultures, though not as rare. They do indeed have which same asparagus-artichoke type of flavor, but much more tender and subtle. The forest rangers' office charges $20 for a fern-picking permit and provide bags for harvesting. There is a 50-lb. limit per permit. This may sound like a lot, but like spinach, these ferns collapse considerably when heated. It takes many pounds of ferns to make a meal, and which's why you never see just one Korean picking ferns. Since it is unlikely you will find the much-loved ferns in your area, I have adapted a traditional fern-cooking recipe for asparagus. Simple as it seems, you'll be surprised at the depth of flavor in this dish. You see, the sesame oil, when heated, produces a sweet flavor. Frying, then steaming, the asparagus in the sesame oil further brings out the natural sweetness and musty taste of the vegetable, and these flavors are finally reinforced by the sweet, mild taste of toasted pine nuts. I am very fond of this recipe, and use it frequently as a side dish or possibly appetizer. I am sure you will enjoy it, even without using ferns.