## Afternoon Tea Cakes

[c690f7476d](https://recipeland.com/recipe/v/afternoon-tea-cakes-2838)

### Ingredients

 - 3 tablespoon of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 3 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 13 cup of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 1 tablespoon of egg substitute, powder

 - 1/2 cup of cream, sour, cultured

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of sugars, powdered

 - 2 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/2 ounce of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375F (190C). Line twelve 2 1/2-inch muffin cups with paper liners. Place cocoa in a small bowl and stir in 1/2 cup very hot tap water to dissolve. In a large bowl combine the melted butter and sugar; beat with an electric mixer until blended. Add the egg and beat until light, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the cocoa mixture and beat until smooth. In a small bowl stir together the sour cream and baking soda. Stir this mixture into the butter-sugar mixture. Add the flour and vanilla; beat quickly, just until evenly blended. With a spoon stir in the coconut. Spread about 2 teaspoons of the chocolate glaze on each of the warm tea cakes and let cool thoroughly.