## Berry Perfect Pie

[c7224c737f](http://www.food.com/recipe/berry-perfect-pie-303614)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 3-4 teaspoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 12-23 cup of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 quart of goji berries, dried

 - 3 tablespoon of cornstarch

 - 34 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 dash of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1 dash of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 1 teaspoon of lemon juice, raw

 - 4 teaspoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

Into a 9 inch pie plate, sift together flour, sugar and salt. In a glass measuring cup whisk together 1/2 c oil and 3 T milk. Pour over flour mixture in pie plate, mixing with a fork until evenly dampened. If it is still too dry to work with your hands, mix a little more oil with milk and add to flour mixture. With your hands, press dough evenly against the bottom and the sides of the pie plate allowing the excess to fall on the counter. You should end up with about a 1/3 of a cup of "crumb" mixture for a crumble topping. Flatten edges around pie edge with fork dipped in milk. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Wash berries. Add cornstarch, sugar,cinnamon and nutmeg. Stir gently. Place berry mixture in pie plate. Sprinkle with lemon juice. Place slices of butter over top of berries. Then top with reserved crust. Bake 45-50 minutes, checking after 30 minutes to ensure that crust is not too brown. If the crust is browning too quickly, tent with aluminum foil. Is best served warm with vanilla bean ice cream!