## Light & Crispy Florentines

[c7c9d8ab61](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/144243-light-crispy-florentines)

### Ingredients

 - 100 g of wheat flour, white, cake, enriched

 - 20 g of sugars, granulated

 - 20 g of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 30 g of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 pinch of salt, table

 - 80 g of nuts, almonds

 - 60 g of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 40 ml of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

### Instructions

[To make the cookie dough] Combine the vegetable oil and milk in a bowl along with the sugar and salt and mix well. Add the cake flour and gently mix in. Once the moisture has been incorporated into the dough has, put it into a plastic bag. (Depending on the temperature and humidity, the dough might become a bit crumbly or powdery, but don't worry.) Roll out the dough with a rolling pin, then let it rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Fold the dough lengthwise, then width-wise, and roll it out. Repeat this step 3 or more times until the dough is even, then roll out into a 3-mm thick rectangle. Evenly pierce the dough in several places with a fork. Bake in an oven preheated to 160C for 15 minutes. Once the middle has has browned, it's ready. (I use a gas oven.) Leave to cool on a wire rack. [To make the almond praline:] Mix the caramel syrup and milk together well, then quickly stir in the almonds. Pour the mixture over the cookie dough and evenly spread it out. Bake in a 160C oven for 15 more minutes. Trim off the rough edges of the dough and slice into your preferred shapes to complete. I usedto make the caramel syrup. Refer to Steps 14 and 15 of that recipe. [To make simple caramel:] 40 g sugar, 40 ml water, 40 ml milk. Boil everything together in a saucepan or microwave. [To make caramel when making these a gift:] 20 g sugar, 30 g honey, 10 g vegetable oil, 70 ml milk. Boil everything together in a saucepan or microwave.