## Cabernet Truffles Recipe

[c9c6b606bd](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/cabernet-truffles-96904)

### Ingredients

 - 6 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 2 tablespoon of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 8 ounce of pascha, organic bitter-sweet dark chocolate chips, upc: 842638005022

 - 1/4 cup of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

### Instructions

* The better the wine, the better the truffles. In a small saucepan, bring butter and cream to a simmer. Remove pan from heat, add in chocolate. Stir till chocolate melts and mix is smooth. Transfer mix to a bowl and chill till hard. Using a tsp. or possibly melon baller, form mix into balls about 1-inch in diameter. Roll balls in walnuts or possibly cocoa pwdr. Store truffles in refrigerator, but allow to stand about 20 min at room temperature before serving. Makes about 20 truffles. Lastsfor about a week covered in the refrigerator and freezes well, too. Carl's Comments: I prefer the melon baller because it makes such uniformly round shapes. I also use the walnuts rather than cocoa pwdr, smashing the walnuts till they are about the same size as finely minced garlic. Don't attempt to operate a motor vehicle or possibly use heavy equipment after scarfing a plate of these! ! Serving Suggestion: Open a bottle of your finest Cabernet to make the truffles. Vacu-Vin the bottle and save it to accompany the truffles when they're ready to eat. This is one of the greatest taste treats of the century, folks. Also try adding some thin slices of asiago cheese along with some apple, pear, and nectarine slices to your serving plate! ! Credit Where It's Due Department: The above recipe from Cakebread Cellars