## Wild Rice Stuffing with Pearl Onions, Dried Cherries and Apricots

[c9ed99f1d8](http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/wild-rice-stuffing-with-pearl-onions-dried-cherries-and-apricots-100460)

### Ingredients

 - 6 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 18 ounce of water, bottled, generic

 - 4 1/2 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 3 tablespoon of spices, thyme, dried

 - 1 1/4 cup of wild rice, raw

 - 1 1/4 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 16 ounce of apricots, dried, sulfured, uncooked

 - 1 cup of cherries, sweet, raw

 - 1 cup of raisins, seeded

 - 1 cup of nuts, pecans

### Instructions

Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add onions and saute until brown, about 15 minutes. Set aside. Bring 4 1/2 cups broth and 1 tablespoon thyme to boil in large saucepan. Add wild rice; bring to boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer 30 minutes. Add white rice; cover and simmer until all rice is tender and liquid is almost absorbed, about 15 minutes longer. Stir dried apricots, dried cherries, raisins and 2 tablespoons thyme into rice mixture; cover and simmer 3 minutes. Stir pearl onions and remaining 4 tablespoons butter into rice. Mix in pecans. Season generously with salt and pepper. Loosely fill main cavity with cool stuffing. Butter glass baking dish. Spoon remaining stuffing into prepared dish. Cover with buttered foil, buttered side down. Bake stuffing in dish alongside turkey until heated through, about 20 minutes. Preheat oven to 350F. Butter 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Transfer stuffing to prepared dish. Cover with buttered foil, buttered side down, and bake until heated through, about 30 minutes.