## English Tomatoes

[cb13982a65](http://www.food.com/recipe/english-tomatoes-386923)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of tomatoes, red, ripe, raw, year round average

 - 12 pound of bacon, meatless

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 6 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

Large Cast Iron skillet or Large frying pan. Large Kettle Cookie/Jelly Roll Sheet. Large bowl filled with cool water. Preheat oven to 200 degrees. Fill kettle with water, cover and set to boil. Place bacon onto Cookie/Jelly Roll Sheet. Place into oven. Cook bacon to your taste. Deal with bacon as you normally would. When water is boiling add your tomatoes, careful not to splash. When the skins have split take tomatoes out and place into large bowl of cool water. This will stop the cooking process. This is Also known as blanching. Preheat skillet/pan while you are peeling the tomatoes. Place bacon strip and butter with heat set at medium. As you peel the tomatoes, give them a good squeeze to mash them and release the juice and place them into the skillet/pan. Add pepper and sugar to taste. Sugar will cut down on the acidity of the tomatoes. When the tomatoes have cooked and the juice is half gone, take sheet out of oven and add a bit of the bacon grease. Turn up the heat on the skillet/pan and cook until tomatoes have thickened and most of the juice is gone. You can serve this with egg and toast or just toast or whatever suits your fancy.