## Breadmantalking Sentimental Butter Dipped Cloverleaf Rolls

[cf9e1b91a1](http://www.food.com/recipe/breadmantalking-sentimental-butter-dipped-cloverleaf-rolls-453582)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 3 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 34 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 tablespoon of honey

 - 12 teaspoon of honey

 - 14 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 12 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 4 1/2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/8 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 4 tablespoon of butter, without salt

### Instructions

1. Mix together the starter ingredients whisking them for about 2 minutes to incorporate air. 2. In a separate bowl, mix the flour, dry milk and yeast evenly then spread it evenly over the surface of the starter like a blanket. Cover with plastic wrap and let it ferment at room temperature for at least an hour (as much as 4 hours). If the starter bubbles up through the cracks in the flour 'blanket', that's OK. 3. Add the softened butter or margarine and mix to form a rough dough. Then sprinkle the salt over it all and knead for about 10 minutes to form a smooth but slightly sticky dough. 4. Place the smooth dough ball in a lightly oiled bowl, turn to coat, then cover with plastic wrap to rise in a warm place. This will take as much as 2 hours. 5. Divide the dough into 18 pieces about 30g (1oz.) each and roll into a ball. Place three of these balls into a cup of a greased muffin tin. The 18 pieces will make 6 cloverleaf rolls. 6. Cover and let the rolls rise about 45 minutes. About 15 minutes before baking time pre-heat the oven to 350F (175C). 7. Bake the rolls for about 17 to 20 minutes or until nicely browned. Brush with melted butter or margarine while still hot from the oven. Cool on a rack.