## Really Popular Milky Bread Rolls! Made with a Bread Machine

[d10694ed5f](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/144771-really-popular-milky-bread-rolls-made-with-a-bread-machine)

### Ingredients

 - 200 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 15 g of sugars, granulated

 - 2 1/2 g of salt, table

 - 10 g of milk, canned, condensed, sweetened

 - 20 g of butter, without salt

 - 145 g of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 3 g of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 dash of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

### Instructions

Add the ingredients into the bread machine in the order listed, and let the machine handle the dough until the first rising. After the first rising has ended, divide the dough into 8 equal portions and shape into balls, cover with a well-wrung out cloth, and let rest for 10 minutes. Shape the dough into balls again after it has rested. Lightly press down on the dough to deflate it. (You can press the dough on your palms.) Pinch the outside of the dough, and roll it back up. (Use the palm of your hand for this as well). Neaten up and line the rolled dough up on a cookie sheet. Cover with a well-wrung out cloth and let rise for the second time until 1.5~2 times the size. (The dough will rise rapidly in the summer, leave it to proof in a cool room). This photo shows the dough after it has risen for the second time. Take this time to preheat the oven to 180C. Lightly sprinkle the surface with bread flour, and cut a slit into the front with a knife that cuts well. Slash the tops of the rolls. Bake in an oven preheated to 180C for about 15 minutes, and it is done! These rolls have a milky, subtly sweet fragrance! Eat with pasta or stew. They're also delicious on their own! If you break the rolls apart like this after they've cooled down a bit and still warm, they're so fluffy and moist! I recommend this bread for kids with egg allergies.