## Homemade Bread

[d134e00913](http://www.food.com/recipe/homemade-bread-423541)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 14 ounce of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 5 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

 - 14 cup of butter, without salt

### Instructions

Put 1 cup of the warm water in a large mixing bowl, then sprinkle the yeast over it. Stir to dissolve the yeast, then add remaining 1 cup water. Add the sugar and oil and blend. Add the salt and 4 cups of the flour and mix well. Cover with a damp towel and set aside in a warm, draft free place until doubled, about 1 hour. Sprinkle 1 cup of the remaining flour over the risen dough, then invert it onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until soft and elastic. Return it to the bowl, cover with damp cloth and let it rise until it doubles in size again, about 1 hour. Sprinkle a work surface with the remaining 1 tablespoon flour and the cornmeal. Turn the dough out onto the prepared surface. Divide the dough into 2 long loaves or smaller bun sized rolls. Place them on lightly oiled baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and put in a warm draft free place for 30 minutes. Bake in preheated 400F oven until lightly golden, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush lightly with melted butter.