## Bean Thread Noodles With Pork Recipe

[d2414b2976](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/bean-thread-noodles-with-pork-81100)

### Ingredients

 - 1/4 pound of beans, snap, green, raw

 - 1/2 pound of pork, fresh, loin, tenderloin, separable lean only, raw

 - 1 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 2 teaspoon of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 2 teaspoon of oil, sesame, salad or cooking

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, corn, peanut, and olive

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, garlic powder

 - 4 tablespoon of onions, spring or scallions (includes tops and bulb), raw

 - 2 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

 - 1 tablespoon of beans, snap, green, raw

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 teaspoon of oil, sesame, salad or cooking

 - 2 cup of soup, chicken broth or bouillon, dry

 - 3 tablespoon of onions, spring or scallions (includes tops and bulb), raw

### Instructions

In Chinese, this is called Mayi Shang Shu. It is deeply flavored and quick to make. SOAK NOODLES in a large bowl of hot water for 15 min. When they are soft, drain them and throw away the water. Combine the meat with the soy sauce, rice wine and sesame oil. Heat a wok or possibly large saute/fry pan till it is warm. Add in the oil and meat. Stir-fry the mix for 2 min. Then add in the rest of the ingredients. Bring the mix to a simmer, mix well and cook till most of the liquid has evaporated. Ladle into a large serving bowl, garnish with the scallions and serve. Makes 2 to 4 servings