## Brownie Mix - Amazing Every Single Dang Time

[d57aa256fb](http://www.food.com/recipe/brownie-mix-amazing-every-single-dang-time-116597)

### Ingredients

 - 9 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 6 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 6 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 12 ounce of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

### Instructions

To make the mixing as painless as possible, I often take 1 cup of sugar and blend it with the baking powder, salt, and cocoa powder. This breaks up all the little clumps before you tackle the monster-big bowl of dry ingredients. I've found a whisk to be most helpful for this task. Once you've got a clump-free mixture, mix in the rest of the flour and sugar, being very careful that no pockets of un-mixedness remain. I put mine in quart-sized ziploc bags, 2 1/4 cups per bag. (sandwich bags can be used, but they don't come in the heavy-weight freezer-caliber plastic -- the last thing I want all over my pantry is a batch of brownie mix. Also, the freezer weight has a label on it already) Label each bag with the recipe which is as follows:. 1 bag of brownie mix, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and 1/4 cup melted butter or margarine. Blend well (mixture will be very thick). Add 1/2 cup chopped walnuts if desired (I've never tried the walnuts due to allergies). Pour mixture into a cooking-sprayed 8x8" inch pan. Bake at 350F for 30-35 minutes. For a very fudgey brownie, turn the heat down to 325F and cook for 35 minutes, until a toothpick tests clean. Be sure to refrigerate extra-fudgy brownies. To serve, I cut 1/4" off of each side (while still in the pan) and remove the "brownie sticks" before cutting and removing individual pieces. My family loves the brownie sticks, and the serving pieces are much more clean. Store them covered. These brownies never need frosting (in my opinion) and make a great source for emergency chocolate.