## Cherry and Almond Shortbread

[d7732ed906](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/cherry-and-almond-shortbread/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 1/2 cup of cherries, sweet, raw

 - 1/2 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

### Instructions

1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and spray two 8-inch cake pans with non-stick cooking spray. 2. In a bowl, mix together the flour and salt. Set aside. 3. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream together the butter and 1 1/4 cups sugar on medium-high speed until light and fluffy. This will take about 3 minutes. On low-speed, add in the flour mixture and mix until just incorporated. Add in the vanilla, cherries and almonds and mix until the dough forms large clumps and pulls away from the sides of the bowl. 4. Pour the dough onto a cutting board and divide it into two equal parts. Press each piece of dough into a prepared cake pan and prick the surface all over with a fork. 5. Bake for about 20-25 minutes until lightly golden. 6. Remove from the oven and immediately sprinkle each shortbread with 1 tablespoon of sugar. Let the shortbread cool in the pan for 30 minutes. 7. Take a knife and run it around the edges of the cake pan to loosen the shortbread. Turn over the pan onto a cutting board and cut the shortbread into pieces.