## Coconut Almond Cookies Made with Marshmallows

[d86a830268](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/145468-coconut-almond-cookies-made-with-marshmallows)

### Ingredients

 - 80 g of candies, marshmallows

 - 40 g of butter, without salt

 - 50 g of shortening confectionery, coconut (hydrogenated) and or palm kernel (hydrogenated)

 - 60 g of nuts, almonds

### Instructions

Start by heating an oven to 340F/170C. Place the marshmallows and butter into a pan and turn on the heat. Melt while stirring with a spatula to keep it from scorching. The marshmallows will gradually melt. It is OK once there are no lumps. Remove from heat. Add the finely grated coconut and almonds while it is still hot, and mix everything together until well-combined. On a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper, wet your finger tips, pinch to about 2-3 cm in diameter, and lay on the sheet. Press down slight with your fingers to flatten out a little. It'll spread out while baking, so make sure to give plenty of spaces in between! You should spread it out even more than shown in the photo for Step 5. Bake in an oven at 170C for about 10-15 minutes. Tip: Make sure to keep an eye on them so they don't burn. They are done once they have turned golden brown and have flattened out. They are soft right after baking, but will harden immediately. If you let them sit for a bit, then you will have cookies that have become crispy and crunchy and are light in your mouth! I thought about forming the cookies into a curve like tuiles, but they are really soft and it's difficult to bend them unless you work fast. I gave up halfway through. It's flavored with caramel just like florentine, and crunchy and light in your mouth . The coconut and almond are fragrant and really delicious! Another photo of the cookies.