## BASIC YEAST DOUGH FOR STEAMED BUNS Recipe

[dc6a3df140](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/basic-yeast-dough-for-steamed-buns-578)

### Ingredients

 - 3 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/2 tablespoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/2 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 3 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

### Instructions

Part 1: Making and proofing the dough. Proofing the yeast: Dissolve sugar in hot water. Add cold water to make a warm solution (105 - 115A degrees F). Dissolve the yeast in the sugar solution. Stir lightly, and let stand in a warm place until mixture develops a creamy foam, about 7 minutes. (If mixture doesn't foam, discard and start over with new yeast.) Sift flour and salt into a large bowl. Make a well in the middle, and add yeast mixture and oil and stir to incorporate the flour until dough holds together and just come away from side of bowl. Add a little more water if needed. Transfer to a lightly floured surface and knead. Lightly flour your hands if necessary. Knead (by using the heels of your hands and your body weight to push away from you, pull it back and fold in the sides of the dough towards the center. Turn the dough right angle every few kneads) until dough is smooth, soft, and elastic, about 10 minutes. Form into a ball. Lightly oil a large bowl, put the dough into the bowl and turn the dough so that all sides are coated. Cover the bowl tightly with a plastic wrap/damp tea cloth and let dough rise in a warm (75-80A degrees F), draft-free place until doubled in bulk, 1-3 hours. The dough is ready when it does not spring back when poked with a finger. Part 2: Finishing the dough - Using the dough Uncover the dough, punch it down and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface. Flatten it and make a well in the center. Sprinkle baking powder in the well, gather up the sides and fold to the center to incorporate the baking powder. Knead lightly for a few minutes till it becomes a ball again. Divide the dough into two cylinders about 1 inch thick. Cut each into 10. Make 20 1-inch ball portions. Cover dough with a damp tea cloth as you work. Proceed with dumpling recipes