## Chewy Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Cookies

[dc85e54f6f](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/chewy-chocolate-chip-pumpkin-cookies/)

### Ingredients

 - 113 g of butter, without salt

 - 100 g of sugars, granulated

 - 50 g of sugars, brown

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 86 g of pumpkin, raw

 - 190 g of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 90 g of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

In a medium bowl, whisk together the melted butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar. Mix in the vanilla, and pumpkin puree until smooth. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt together. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, and mix together using a spatula. Fold in the chocolate chips. Cover the dough and chill for 30 minutes, or up to 3 days. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (176 degrees C) and line a baking tray with parchment paper, or a silicone mat. Roll the dough into 1 1/2 tablespoon balls, and place on the baking tray. Flatten slightly, and bake for 810 minutes. The cookies will look soft and underbaked. Remove from the oven, then press a few more chocolate chips on the tops for looks. Allow the cookies to cool for 10 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.