## Perfect Sushi Rice

[dc9213d9f5](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/main-courses/perfect-sushi-rice/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of roland, seasoned rice wine vinegar, upc: 041224705142

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

 - 4 cup of rice, white, long-grain, regular, unenriched, cooked without salt

### Instructions

Instructions: Rice Prep 1. Use short or medium-grain rice. Its more starchy and round than the long-grain variety, which just wont hold together well enough to support ingredients in sushi. Many stores now sell specifically-labeled sushi rice. 2. Before you cook it, wash/rinse the rice until the water runs totally clearabout five or six times. If you dont thoroughly rinse the rice, itll end up in a big, sticky ball. Theres enough internal starch in the rice for it to sufficiently hold together for sushi, so get all the stuff on the outside off by rinsing well. 3. Use a rice cooker/steamer. Rice made on the stovetop will not work for sushi; it wont be the right consistency. Rice cookers are widely available for as low as $12. 4. Add the rinsed rice to the rice cooker with equal parts water, and follow the directions for the rice cooker. After its done, transfer the cooked rice to a large mixing bowl. Youll need 1 part sushi su for every 4 parts rice. Instructions for Sushi Su/Sushi Rice: 1. Heat vinegar, sugar, and sake or mirin in a saucepan just to dissolve and combine. Allow to cool to room temperature. 2. Cook rice according to rice cooker directions. Transfer to large mixing bowl. 3. Pour su (vinegar mixture) over the rice, gently folding to incorporate. 4. Let rice stand for 10 minutes, then fold again. Rice should be shiny, not mushy and have a slightly tart/sweet taste. Cover with a warm, wet towel and keep warm.