## Summertime Cobbler with Orange Biscuit Crust

[ddb699e902](http://www.food.com/recipe/summertime-cobbler-with-orange-biscuit-crust-29428)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of peaches, yellow, raw

 - 2 cup of nectarines, raw

 - 1 1/2 cup of raspberries, raw

 - 1 1/2 cup of blueberries, raw

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 4 teaspoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 13 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 4 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, raw

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 12 teaspoon of orange juice, raw

 - 4 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 14 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

### Instructions

Heat oven to 375 degrees. In a 2-quart baking dish, toss the fruit with 4 teaspoons flour, 1/3 cup of sugar and the lemon juice; spread the fruit over the bottom of the dish. Combine the remaining cup of flour with the remaining tablespoon of sugar and the salt, baking powder and orange rind in a bowl. Using a pastry blender or two knives, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the milk and toss with a fork until the dough holds together. On a floured work surface, pat the dough into a 1/2-inch-thick round, oval, square or rectangle (depending on the shape of your baking dish). The dough does not need to completely cover the fruit. Position the dough over the fruit and sprinkle with the remaining teaspoon of sugar. Bake for about 30 minutes until the fruit is bubbling and crust is golden brown.