## Two Layer Fruit Salad - No Sugar Added

[e0b9bab191](http://www.food.com/recipe/two-layer-fruit-salad-no-sugar-added-335521)

### Ingredients

 - 1 pound of peaches, yellow, raw

 - 8 ounce of pineapple juice, canned or bottled, unsweetened, without added ascorbic acid

 - 4 ounce of lime juice, raw

 - 4 ounce of lime juice, raw

 - 12 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 cup of orange juice, raw

 - 8 ounce of cheese, parmesan, hard

### Instructions

To make the fruit layer, drain the peaches and pineapple, reserving the juice. Coarsely chop the peaches, and set aside with the drained pineapple. Place the juices in a 2 cup measure, and add enough water to bring the volume to 2 cups. Set aside. Pour the gelatin in a medium sized bowl and set aside. Pour 1 cup of the juice mixture in a small pot and bring to a boil. Pour the boiling juice over the gelatin and stir to dissolve it. Add the remaining juice to the gelatin mixture and stir to mix well. Chill the gelatin mixture for about 1 1/4 hours or until it is the consistency of raw egg whites. Stir in the drained fruits and pour the mixture into a square 2-quart glass dish. Cover and refrigerate for about 1 hour, or until the gelatin is almost set. To make the cheese layer, pour the gelatin mix in a blender and add the boiling water. Blend the mixture at low speed with the lid slightly ajar for 1 minute or until the gelatin is completely dissolved. Add the orange juice and blend to mix well. Add the cream cheese and blend until the mixture is smooth. Pour the cheese mixture over the fruit mixture in the dish. Chill for at least 4 hours or until firm. Cut into squares to serve.