## Pat-In-The-Pan Pie Crust

[e45c4b99a3](http://www.food.com/recipe/pat-in-the-pan-pie-crust-335191)

### Ingredients

 - 14 cup of cheese, parmesan, hard

 - 8 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

In a stand mixer (or a large bowl with an electric hand beater), cream together cream cheese and butter on medium-high for 2 minutes until fully combined. Scrape down sides of bowl. Whisk together flour, sugar and salt. Add to mixer bowl and stir on medium-low until until it resembles corn meal, then on medium-high until it all sticks together. Remove 3 tbsp of dough and reserve. Flour workbench lightly. Turn dough out onto floured board. Knead lightly until well-combined. Pat out into a 6" circle, and transfer to a greased 9" pie plate. Using heel of hand, press dough out to sides of pan. Using fingertips, push dough smooth and even, working it up the sides of the pan. Roll out reserved dough into a rope about 12" long (use a ruler!). Cut into three 4" lengths, then roll each piece out to 8" long. Lay the 3 ropes along the upper edge of the pie pan, pressing lightly into the dough already in the pan. Flute the edge as you would a rolled crust. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour. (Dough can be held up to 2 days in the refrigerator, or 1 month in the freezer if double wrapped. ). Prick the bottom of the dough all over with a fork (try not to go all the way through to the pan, or the filling might leak). Bake in preheated 325F oven for about 35 minutes until golden brown.