## Basic Focaccia (Ultimate) Recipe

[e486a10202](http://cookeatshare.com/recipes/basic-focaccia-ultimate-79512)

### Ingredients

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 3 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 2 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 2 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

### Instructions

Machine Procedure (For a 2-c. capacity bread machine): All ingredients must be at room temperature, unless otherwise noted. Add in ingredients, except toppings, in the order specified in your bread machine owner's manual. Set bread machine on dough/manual setting. At the end of the program, press clear/stop. To punch dough down, press start and let knead for 60 seconds. Press clear/stop again. Remove dough and let rest 5 min before hand-shaping. If your bread machine does not have a dough/manual setting, follow normal bread making procedure, but let dough knead only once. At the end of the kneading cycle, press clear/stop. Let dough rise for 60 min, checking after the first 30 min to make sure dough does not overrise and touch lid. Press start and let machine run for 60 seconds to punch dough down. Press clear/stop again. Remove dough and let rest 5 min before hand-shaping. Hand-Shaping Technique: Sprinkle hands with flour. With fingertips, spread dough proportionately into a 13- X 9- X 1-inch lightly oiled baking pan. Cover with a clean kitchen cloth. Let rise till doubled in height, about 30 to 60 min. Preheat oven to 400F. Make light indentations with your fingertips in the surface of the risen dough. Brush with extra-virgin extra virgin olive oil and sprinkle with coarse salt and black pepper. Bake on bottom rack of oven for approximately 30 to 35 min, or possibly till golden. Let cold in pan. Cut into twelve equal pcs and serve at room temperature. NOTES :