## Whole Wheat Cheddar Drop Biscuits

[e4d1e25395](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/whole-wheat-cheddar-drop-biscuits/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/4 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 cup of cheese, cheddar

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

### Instructions

1. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat 2 sheet pans with cooking spray. 2. In a large bowl, whisk together the whole wheat flour, all-purpose flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Cut the butter into the flour using a pastry blender or two knives, until the butter is the size of small peas. Stir in the grated cheese. Add the milk, and stir just until barely incorporated, dont over-mix. Allow the mixture to rest for about 10 minutes. 3. Drop the batter onto the sheet pans into mounds a little smaller than a golf ball; I used a 1-5/8 ounce scoop, leaving a couple of inches between each biscuit. Bake in the oven for 12 to 14 minutes, or until the tops of the biscuits are deep golden brown. These are best served warm. Notes: 1. All-purpose flour gives a lighter texture to the biscuits, but if you would like to use only whole wheat flour, then increase the amount of milk by 1/4 cup. 2. To reheat leftover biscuits, brush them with a bit of melted butter and warm them in a 275 degrees F oven for 5 to 8 minutes.