## Whole Wheat Breakfast Rolls (A B M)

[e56ede88a7](http://www.food.com/recipe/whole-wheat-breakfast-rolls-a-b-m-143297)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 18 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

 - 1 1/4 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 13 cup of syrup, maple, canadian

 - 3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 14 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 12 cup of oats

 - 12 cup of raisins, seeded

### Instructions

Bring the water to a boil. Pour over the cornmeal, stir well, and let sit for 10 minutes. Add the cornmeal mixture to the bread machine pan. Mix the 2 flours together (I do this with a whisk to get them nicely integrated). Add the dough ingredients to the bread machine pan in the order indicated by the manufacturer. Process on the 1 1/2 lb dough cycle. Remove the dough from the machine and knead in the rolled oats and raisins. Form the dough into a tight ball and let it rest for 10 minutes. With a bench scraper, divide the dough into 16 pieces. Form each piece into a ball. Place the balls on a cookie sheet covered w/ parchment paper. Cover them with plastic wrap and let them rise until doubled (normally ~30 minutes). Preheat the oven to 400F while they're rising. Bake for 15-20 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.