## Asian Glazed Tilapia

[e837ad3a04](http://www.food.com/recipe/asian-glazed-tilapia-334849)

### Ingredients

 - 4 pound of fish, tilapia, raw

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 1 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 4 tablespoon of sauce, hoisin, ready-to-serve

 - 4 tablespoon of soy sauce made from soy (tamari)

### Instructions

Sprinkle each side of the fish with salt and pepper. Coat a sautee pan with Olive Oil or your favorite cooking oil. I find that a non-stick pan works best for cooking this delicate fish. Prepare the glaze by mixing equal parts Hoisin with Soy sauce. The hoisin is thicker and sweeter giving balance to the soy. You won't need that much for glazing the fish so you can use the remainder to toss in with your noodles if you want. Brush the tops of each of the fish with the glaze and lay that side down on the pan allowing the glaze to form a seared on crust. Brush the other side of the fish with glaze before flipping. Each side takes about 4-6 minutes depending on how thick your filet is. I had big meaty ones so total cooking time was about 15 minutes. If you are unsure whether they are done, make a small cut into the the thickest part of the fish. If the cut is easy to make and the fish flakes, then it's done. If it's hard to pierce with a fork or seems tough, give it a few more minutes. You may have to flip the fish in order to keep it from burning if you are cooking thicker pieces and need the extra time. You may also want to cover the pan with a lid and let the steam help you out. Serve on a bed of asian noodles or alone. It's sure to be a crowd pleaser for those that enjoy seafood, and even those who don't!