## Carolina-Style Pulled Pork

[e8ead0e201](http://www.food.com/recipe/carolina-style-pulled-pork-152801)

### Ingredients

 - 6 pound of pork, fresh, loin, tenderloin, separable lean only, raw

 - 2 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, brown

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, cumin seed

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, chili powder

 - 2 tablespoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, pepper, red or cayenne

 - 14 cup of spices, paprika

 - 3 cup of vinegar, cider

 - 3 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 13 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 34 cup of sugars, brown

 - 2 1/2 tablespoon of salt, table

 - 14 cup of spices, pepper, black

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, pepper, red or cayenne

 - 3 tablespoon of spices, paprika

 - 1 teaspoon of mustard, prepared, yellow

 - 1 cup of sauce, worcestershire

### Instructions

For the rub, mix items 2-9 and store in an air tight container (makes enough for 3 roasts). Rub spices on pork roast, wrap in plastic wrap and chill over night. Bring meat to room temperature and fire up the smoker according to manufacture's directions. Bring to 240 degrees. Place meat in smoker, maintain temperature 220-240 degrees and smoke for 1 1/2 hours per pound. Mop every hour with sauce. For the sauce, mix the remaining ingredients and simmer for two hours. I recommend making the sauce ahead of time so you can tend to your fire. Mop with sauce every hour and turn every two hours. Meat will be "pullable" when internal temperature reaches 185 to 190. Remove pork and let stand for 15 minutes. Slice or pull meat off and separate from the fat. Chop the meat. Spoon some sauce onto a bun or roll. Heap on meat and top with more sauce. Serve with coleslaw on the sandwich or on the side.