## Spice Chewies

[e9051dab05](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/desserts/spice-chewies/)

### Ingredients

 - 1/2 cup of margarine, regular, 80% fat, composite, stick, without salt

 - 2 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1/2 cup of applesauce, canned, unsweetened, without added ascorbic acid (includes usda commodity)

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

 - 2 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/2 teaspoon of spices, nutmeg, ground

 - 1/4 teaspoon of spices, cloves, ground

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 F. Line a 9x13 baking dish with foil or parchment paper and lightly grease with dairy free cooking spray. Set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat margarine and sugar until smooth. Add applesauce and vanilla. Mix until thoroughly combined. Add flour, baking powder, salt and spices. Beat until mixture comes together and resembles cookie dough. It should be very thick and crumbly. Pour into the prepared tray and spread it evenly with a spatula. Press with your hands until the top is even and smooth. Bake for 25 minutes or until edges are golden brown. Remove pan from oven and set on a rack. Let it cool for 30 minutes before cutting. Note: I usually cut them into squares but they can easily be cut into any shape using cookie cutters. I used a heart shaped cutter to make neat little bite-size hearts.