## English Muffins

[e9b85084f1](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/english-muffins-4/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 3 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 2 tablespoon of honey

 - 1 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/4 ounce of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1/4 cup of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

 - 5 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

### Instructions

Combine milk, butter, and honey in a saucepan over medium heat. Warm until butter starts to melt, then whisk briefly. Remove pan from heat and allow liquid to cool to lukewarm. Pour water into a mixing bowl and sprinkle with yeast. Stir gently with a fork. Set bowl aside for 10 minutes, or until yeast has dissolved. Line baking sheets with waxed paper and sprinkle with a generous amount of cornmeal. Pour cooled milk mixture into yeast mixture and gently stir until well blended. Add 3 cups flour and beat vigorously with a wooden spoon until smooth. Beat in remaining flour and salt until the dough is no longer sticky. Scrape the dough onto a floured surface and dust with flour. Flour hands and knead dough for 3-4 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes. Roll out dough with rolling pin to about 1/2 inch thick. Cut the dough into circles (a tumbler or mason jar does well). Transfer muffins to prepared baking sheets and sprinkle with cornmeal. Cover with a dry, lightweight towel and let rise until doubled in height, 35-45 minutes. When muffins have risen, heat a skillet over medium heat. Carefully lift muffins from the pan and place on the ungreased skillet. Cook about 10 minutes on each side, using a spatula to flip them. Transfer to a wire rack to cool before splitting (with a fork) and toasting them.