## Pate Brisee Food Processor Pie Crust (Real Simple)

[ed29ed5677](http://www.food.com/recipe/pate-brisee-food-processor-pie-crust-real-simple-483065)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 3-4 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

To Make Crust:. In a food processor, pulse the flour, butter, sugar, and salt until the mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-size clumps of butter remaining. Add 2 tablespoons of the water. Pulse until the mixture holds together when squeezed but is still crumbly (add more water, a little at a time, as necessary). Avoid overprocessing, which will make the dough tough. Place the still crumbly mixture on a sheet of plastic wrap. Shape it into a 1-inch-thick disk, using the plastic wrap to help. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 3 days. (The dough can be frozen at this point for up to 2 months. ). NOTE - you can also pat the crust into the pie pan at this point, then refrigerate at least one hour before baking. To Prepare Crust for Baking:. Place the disk of dough on a floured piece of parchment or wax paper. Using your knuckles, make indentations around the perimeter of the dough (this will help prevent cracking when you roll the dough out). With a floured rolling pin, roll the dough into an 12-inch circle (work from the center outward, and use the parchment to rotate the dough). Flour the rolling pin, parchment, and dough as necessary to prevent sticking. Loosen the dough from the parchment and carefully transfer to a 9-inch pie plate. Fit the dough into the plate (avoid stretching). Trim the dough to a 1-inch overhang and tuck it under itself to create a thick rim. With the index finger of one hand, press the dough against the thumb and forefinger of the opposite hand; continue around the perimeter of the crust. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 days before using.