## Marbled Toffee Shortbread

[ee935a74a1](http://www.food.com/recipe/marbled-toffee-shortbread-432715)

### Ingredients

 - 175 g of butter, without salt

 - 75 g of sugars, powdered

 - 175 g of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 25 g of cocoa, dry powder, unsweetened

 - 75 g of semolina, unenriched

 - 50 g of butter, without salt

 - 50 g of sugars, brown

 - 397 g of milk, canned, condensed, sweetened

 - 75 g of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 75 g of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 75 g of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4, 10 minutes before baking. Oil and line a 20.5 cm square cake tin with nonstick baking parchment. Cream the 175g butter and caster sugar until light and fluffy then sift in the flour and cocoa powder. Add the semolina and mix together to form a soft dough. Press into the base of the prepared tin. Prick all over with a fork, then bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Leave to cool. To make the toffee filling, gently heat the 50 g butter, brown sugar and condensed milk together until the sugar has dissolved. Bring to the boil, then simmer for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Leave for 1 minute then spread over the shortbread and leave to cool. For the topping, place the different chocolates in separate heatproof bowls and melt one at a time, set over a saucepan of almost boiling water. Drop spoonfuls of each on top of the toffee and tilt the tin to cover evenly. Swirl with a knife for a marbled effect. Leave the chocolate to cool. When just set mark into fingers using a sharp knife. Leave for at least 1 hour to harden before cutting into fingers.