## Beliashi

[f04b3ab9b5](http://www.food.com/recipe/beliashi-322402)

### Ingredients

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 14 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 3 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 1/2 pound of beef, grass-fed, ground, raw

 - 34 cup of onions, raw

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 14 teaspoon of spices, pepper, black

 - 3-4 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 2-3 tablespoon of oil, olive, salad or cooking

### Instructions

In a small bowl soften yeast in 1/4 cup of the lukewarm milk with the sugar. Let it stand a few minutes, stir to dissolve completely; set it aside for 5-8 minutes till it's foamy. Pour flour into a deep mixing bowl & make a well in it. Pour the yeast mix & remaining flour into the well and mix well, beating vigorously till a stiff dough forms. Remove dough to lightly floured board and knead about 10 minutes till dough is smooth & elastic. Place in buttered bowl, cover with towel & allow to rise about 45 minutes or until dough doubles in bulk. The Filling. Combine beef, onions, salt & pepper and mix well. Assembly:. On lightly floured board roll out dough to 1/8" thickness & cut out 16 circles with a 4-1/2 inch cookie cutter. Place 5 teaspoons of filling on each circle & moisten the edges with cold water. Fold up all edges of the dough, enclosing the filling & making a flat, round cake. Heat oven to 250 degrees. In a 10 to 12 inch heavy skillet set over high heat melt 3 tablespoons butter in 2 tablespoons oil till hazy;. Add half of the flat cakes & cover the pan. Reduce heat to moderate and cook cakes about 10 minutes on each side and are crisp & brown. Transfer to ovenproof platter and keep warm while you cook the other half of the cakes, adding remaining butter & oil to pan if needed. Serve at once.