## A Wheat Krispies Treat

[f234389e8b](http://www.food.com/recipe/a-wheat-krispies-treat-434541)

### Ingredients

 - 8 cup of cereals, oats, regular and quick, unenriched, cooked with water (includes boiling and microwaving), without salt

 - 6 cup of candies, marshmallows

 - 1 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 tablespoon of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

Measure out cereal; set aside. Line a 9x9 baking dish with wax paper or with greased plastic wrap. Prepare a second sheet for the top. Grease a wooden spoon. In a LARGE* microwavable bowl, melt butter - about 30 seconds. Turn the bowl in order to coat sides with melted butter. Add milk and vanilla; return to the microwave. Heat until marshmallows are huge and puffed-up (watch that they don't overflow) - about 2 or 3 minutes. With your greased spoon, stir until marshmallows are well mixed with butter, milk, and vanilla - there should be no lumps (it looks like marshmallow cream). Incorporate puffed wheat, making sure to coat all the cereal. Pour into prepared pan; cover with second piece of wax paper. Press FIRMLY into pan. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes. With the help of the paper, lift out and place on a cutting board or counter top; remove top layer of paper. Using a sharp, wet knife, cut into squares. If knife starts sticking, just re-wet it. Serve, making sure to remove any paper from the bottom. Keep refrigerated. * If you don't have a large enough microwavable bowl, you can put the puffed wheat into a regular bowl and pour the melted marshmallow over top. You will need a bowl containing at least 2 quarts to prevent marshmallows from spilling over.