## Square Bread Loaf (Bread Maker Dough)

[f2b7f53a02](https://cookpad.com/us/recipes/148979-square-bread-loaf-bread-maker-dough)

### Ingredients

 - 300 g of wheat flours, bread, unenriched

 - 15 g of sugars, granulated

 - 15 g of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 15 g of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 5 g of salt, table

 - 205 g of water, bottled, generic

 - 4 g of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

### Instructions

Put the ingredients in a bread maker, and start the "dough" course. After 5 minutes of kneading, add the olive oil. When the dough is made... ...divide into 3 portions, and roll each into balls. Place the balls seam side down, cover with a tightly wrung out kitchen towel, and rest the dough for 15 minutes. Carefully press the air out while rolling out the dough with a rolling pin. If the dough is sticky, gently scrape it off the work surface with a dough scraper. Fold both sides of flaps so that they overlap. Gently press down the dough with your hands to flatten it a little bit. Roll it up from the bottom. Close the seam completely, and place it seam side down. Form all 3 portions of dough in the same way. Grease the bread pan, and put the dough in. Let the dough rise at 35 ~ 40C until the pieces double in size . I let them rise until the dough rose to 1cm to 1.5cm above the rim of the pan this time. Preheat the oven to 230C. Turn down the oven temperature from 230C to 200C, and bake the loaf in the oven for 10 minutes, then lower the temperature for 180C and bake for an additional 15 minutes. If the dough is not cooking evenly, turn the pan. When the bread is baked, drop the bread pan from a height of 30 cm onto a work surface to 'shock' it. Immediately remove the bread from the pan to cool. If your oven has a thermometer inside, it's useful. Gas oven and electronic oven cook differently, so it's good to have a thermometer. It's delicious to make sandwiches with this bread.