## Caramel Corn

[f2f5503933](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/appetizers-and-snacks/caramel-corn-3/)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of snacks, popcorn, air-popped (unsalted)

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1/2 cup of syrups, corn, light

 - 2 cup of sugars, brown

 - 1 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract

### Instructions

Pop popcorn using your preferred method (I always, and only, use the stove-top method). Place the popped popcorn in two large bowls. Make sure there is enough room in your bowls for tossing the popcorn. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Meanwhile, to make the caramel, melt the butter in a 2-quart saucepan set over medium heat. Once the butter is melted, mix in the corn syrup, brown sugar and salt. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring frequently. Once the mixture reaches a boil, let the mixture continue to boil for 5 more minutes without stirring. Remove the mixture from the heat, stir in the baking soda and vanilla extract. The mixture will bubble up and become frothy. Pour the caramel sauce over the popcorn in the bowl(s) and toss to coat thoroughly. Spread the popcorn evenly onto two large baking sheets lined with parchment paper. If there are any caramel clumps left, they will redistribute during baking. Bake for 40-50 minutes, removing from the oven to toss/stir every 10 minutes. After 40 minutes, test a cooled piece of popcorn. If it is not completely crispy (i.e. still slightly mushy when you bite it), bake for 10 minutes more. Remove the baking sheets to a wire rack and allow popcorn to cool completely before breaking apart for serving or packaging.