## Chocolate Caramel Pie (No Bake)

[f3816e3735](http://www.food.com/recipe/chocolate-caramel-pie-no-bake-283328)

### Ingredients

 - 6 ounce of cookies, graham crackers, plain or honey, lowfat

 - 14 ounce of milk, canned, condensed, sweetened

 - 6 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 14 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 1/2 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 23 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 3 tablespoon of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/2 cup of spartan, real semi-sweet chocolate baking chips, upc: 011213162966

 - 12 cup of cream, fluid, heavy whipping

 - 13 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Caramel layer:. Cook sweetened condensed milk, butter, and sugar in medium saucepan over medium heat until butter melts. Increase heat and bring to a boil, stirring constantly for six minutes or until mixture is as thick as pudding. Pour over prepared crust and refrigerate one hour. Truffle layer:. Stir chocolate chips, heavy cream, and butter in medium saucepan over medium heat until melted and smooth. Pour over caramel layer and refrigerate one hour. Mousse layer:. In a double broiler melt chocolate chips, stirring constantly. Cool slightly. Beat heavy cream in a bowl until stiff peaks form. Beat in cooled chocolate. Beat ice cold evaporated milk until trails form. Beat into chocolate mixture just until blended DO NOT OVERBEAT! Spread over truffle layer and refrigerate for one hour. NOTE 1: I put the evaporated milk in a metal bowl and place in freezer until ice crystals begin to form around the edges and then beat.