## Hot Cross Buns

[f41a9c89af](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breakfastbrunch/hot-cross-buns-4/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 1/2 cup of oil, canola

 - 3/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 2 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 4 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/2 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1/2 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 2 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 1/2 cup of cranberries, dried, sweetened

 - 6 tablespoon of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 4 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

 - 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 3 tablespoon of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

To prepare buns, in the large mixing bowl, mix milk, oil and 1/2 cup sugar. Sprinkle yeast over mixture. Let sit for 10 minutes. Stir in 4 cups of flour to combine. Mixture will be very sticky. Cover the bowl with a tea towel and let sit in a warm place for an hour to rise. When the dough is risen, add the remaining 1/2 cup flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir to combine. Combine the remaining 1/4 cup sugar and cinnamon to make cinnamon sugar. Set aside. Move the dough to a lightly floured surface. Press to slightly flatten the dough. Sprinkle a couple tablespoons cinnamon sugar and a third of the dried cranberries over the dough. Fold the dough over on itself and flatten again. Repeat the process two more times, ending by folding the dough in on itself. Divide the dough into 12 pieces. With floured hands, quickly roll the pieces into balls. Place on a baking tray lined with parchment paper, 1 inch apart. Cover and allow to rise in a warm place for another hour. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. To prepare the paste for the cross topping, mix the flour and water until smoothly combined. Transfer to a piping bag with a small opening. Pipe cross on each roll. Transfer to oven and bake for 20 minutes, until golden brown on top. To prepare hot glaze, bring sugar and water to a simmer, stirring until the sugar is fully dissolved. Brush the hot glaze over the hot buns. Let the buns cool completely.