## Almond Roca in the Round

[f4944daa4b](http://www.food.com/recipe/almond-roca-in-the-round-327174)

### Ingredients

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1 1/2 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 12 cup of sugars, brown

 - 14 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 2 tablespoon of syrups, corn, light

 - 1 1/2 cup of nuts, almonds

 - 1 1/2 cup of candies, semisweet chocolate

 - 1 teaspoon of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

### Instructions

Lightly spray 36 mini-muffin cups with nonstick cooking spray; set aside. In a large saucepan, heat butter over medium heat until butter is melted. Add sugars, water and corn syrup, stirring to combine well. Cook, stirring until sugar dissolves. Raise heat to medium-high. Bring mixture to a boil. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until mixture reaches 300 degrees F. on a candy thermometer. Remove from heat, and stir in 1 cup toasted almonds. Working quickly, carefully spoon about 1 tablespoon sugar mixture into prepared muffin pans. In a small bowl, combine chocolate morsels and vegetable shortening. Microwave on High in 30-second intervals, stirring after each, until melted and smooth (approximately 1-1/2 minutes total. ). Spoon about 2 teaspoons chocolate mixture on top of sugar mixture, spreading chocolate to edges of muffin cup. Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cups almonds on top of chocolate. Let stand for 1 hour, or until chocolate is set. NOTE: To make a simplified version of Almond Roca, prepare butter-sugar mixture according to recipe directions, but instead of spooning it into muffin pans, simply spoon onto a sheet of parchment paper or a Silpat. Spread to 1/4-inch thickness. Allow to cool completely. Spread melted chocolate on top of cooled candy. Sprinkle wih remaining 1/2 cup toasted almonds. Let stand for an hour or until chocolate is set. Break into pieces and enjoy!