## New York-Style Pizza Crust

[f95f2f47d8](http://www.food.com/recipe/new-york-style-pizza-crust-15194)

### Ingredients

 - 23 cup of water, bottled, generic

 - 1 teaspoon of sugars, granulated

 - 18 ounce of leavening agents, yeast, baker's, active dry

 - 1 3/4 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1 tablespoon of cornmeal, degermed, unenriched, yellow

### Instructions

Combine water and sugar in small bowl; stir to dissolve sugar. Sprinkle yeast on top; stir to combine. Let stand 5 to 10 minutes or until foamy. Combine flour and salt in medium bowl. Stir in yeast mixture. Mix until mixture forms soft dough. Remove dough to lightly floured surface. Knead 5 minutes or until dough is smooth and elastic, adding additional flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, as needed. Place dough in medium bowl coated with nonstick cooking spray. Turn dough in bowl so top is coated with cooking spray; cover with towel or plastic wrap. Let rise in warm place 30 minutes or until doubled in bulk. Punch dough down; place on lightly floured surface and knead about 2 minutes or until smooth. Pat dough into flat disc about 7 inches in diameter. Let rest 2 to 3 minutes. Pat and gently stretch dough from edges until dough seems to not stretch anymore. Let rest 2 to 3 minutes. Continue patting and stretching until dough is 12 to 14 inches in diameter. Spray 12- to 14-inch pizza pan with nonstick spray; sprinkle with commeal, if desired. Press dough into pan. Preheat oven to 5OOF. Follow directions for individual recipes, baking pizza on bottom rack of oven.