## Vegan Cinnamon Coffee Cake

[f983688cfa](http://www.food.com/recipe/vegan-cinnamon-coffee-cake-378262)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 34 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 tablespoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 12 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 cup of margarine, regular, 80% fat, composite, stick, without salt

 - 2 tablespoon of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 14 cup of yogurt, greek, plain, nonfat

 - 34 cup of milk, fluid, 1% fat, without added vitamin a and vitamin d

 - 2 tablespoon of margarine, regular, 80% fat, composite, stick, without salt

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 350 degrees and lightly grease a round cake pan, 9x9" brownie pan or mini loaf pan. Mix together the flour, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut the margarine into small chunks and add to the mix. Mix for a couple of minutes if using a mixer. This is the "dry ingredient mix". Remove 1/2 cup of the dry ingredient mix and put in a separate bowl. Add the cinnamon and 2 tablespoons of sugar and mix together well. This is the "topping". To the remaining dry ingredient mix, add the soy yogurt and milk until the consistency is smooth. Put into a round cake pan, 9x9 brownie pan, or spread evenly in a mini loaf pan (I use an ice cream scoop for even serving sizes). Spread the topping evenly onto the batter. Melt the 2 tablespoons of margarine and drizzle over the top. Bake at 350 for 35 minutes, or until a toothpick entered into the center of the coffee cake comes out clean.