## Maple Pecan Scones

[fb90875f0e](http://tastykitchen.com/recipes/breads/maple-pecan-scones/)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1/4 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking powder, double-acting, sodium aluminum sulfate

 - 1/4 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 1/4 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 1/2 cup of butter, without salt

 - 1/2 cup of nuts, pecans

 - 23 cup of milk, buttermilk, fluid, cultured, lowfat

 - 2 tablespoon of syrup, maple, canadian

### Instructions

Preheat oven to 400F. Line a baking sheet with parchment and place the rack in the upper third or upper half of the oven. This will hopefully help prevent the bottom from browning too quickly. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Cut the butter into small pieces and blend into the flour until the mixture becomes coarse crumbs. Stir in the chopped nuts. In a small measuring cup, combine the buttermilk and maple syrup, then add to the flour mixture. Stir just until combined; do not overmix or the scones will not be as light and fluffy. Transfer to a lightly floured surface and knead the dough gently four or five times, just to complete the mixing process. Pat the dough into a circle about 7 round and 1 1/2 thick. Cut in half, then cut each half into 4 pie-shaped wedges. You will have 8 scones. Place the scones on the baking sheet, slightly pulled apart, maybe 1/2 space between them. Bake for 18-20 minutes, until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack to cool.