## Rice Cooker Gingerbread Cake

[fd75b0b140](http://www.food.com/recipe/rice-cooker-gingerbread-cake-394716)

### Ingredients

 - 1 1/2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 14 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 teaspoon of leavening agents, baking soda

 - 14 teaspoon of salt, table

 - 12 teaspoon of spices, cinnamon, ground

 - 3 teaspoon of spices, ginger, ground

 - 13 cup of oil, olive, salad or cooking

 - 12 cup of molasses

 - 1 tablespoon of vinegar, distilled

 - 34 cup of water, bottled, generic

### Instructions

Mix all dry ingredients well. Add in order: oil, molasses, vinegar, and water (hint: use same measuring cup as molasses will not stick to the cup as it will be coated with oil). Stir batter by hand until smooth, about 1 minute. Lightly oil or spray inside of the rice cooker bowl and pour batter mixture into the rice cooker bowl. Set rice cooker to slow (if you have such a setting, or small volume). Set timer if possible for one hour. Cooker will shut off after 5 minutes to warm function, restart to cook function as above and 'bake' for 60-70 minutes or until a tooth pick comes out clean from middle and edges of cake. Check progress of cake at 45 minutes (some rice cookers are faster than others). When toothpick comes clean, turn off rice cooker. Allow cake to cool 15 minutes in cooker bowl that has been removed from rice cooker. After cooling put serving dish over top of the cooker bowl and invert quickly (this cake is quite fragile so a smooth action is necessary) to transfer the cake from bowl to serving dish. Serve warm or cold, topped with puree from canned pears.