## Chocolate-Dipped Hazelnut Wedges

[ffe40c3394](http://www.food.com/recipe/chocolate-dipped-hazelnut-wedges-334485)

### Ingredients

 - 2 cup of nuts, hazelnuts or filberts

 - 2 cup of wheat flour, white, all-purpose, unenriched

 - 1 cup of sugars, granulated

 - 1 cup of butter, without salt

 - 8 ounce of pascha, organic bitter-sweet dark chocolate chips, upc: 842638005022

 - 1 tablespoon of shortening, vegetable, household, composite

### Instructions

Preheat the oven to 350 F and butter and flour two 8-inch round cake pans. In a food processor grind the hazelnuts with the flour and the sugar, add the butter, and blend the mixture until it is combined well. Press half the dough evenly onto the bottom of each of the pans, cut through each round of dough with a small knife to score 16 wedges, and bake in the middle of the oven for 20 minutes, or until it is pale golden. While the shortbread is still warm, cut completely through the rounds and let them cool in the pans on a rack. Choose 2 plates slightly smaller than the pans, put a plate directly on the surface of the shortbread, and invert the shortbread carefully onto it. In a metal bowl over a saucepan of simmering water melt the chocolate with the shortening, stirring until the mixture is smooth, and transfer the mixture to a deep narrow cup or glass measure (juice glasses work well). Dip the points of the shortbread wedges into the chocolate mixture, coating them halfway and letting any excess drip off. As they are dipped, transfer the shortbread wedges to a rack set over a sheet of wax paper. Let them stand until the chocolate is set.